
Operator: We'll go to Jim Suva with Citi.
James D. Suva: Thank you very much. As you look at many of your products have been absolutely fantastic and at different phases in their life, they've seen tremendous high growth, whether it's iPad, iPhone, iPod, and iPhone looks like it's facing some very challenging comps here in the next few quarters. Does this make you shift even more strategic focus into broadening the reliance on a couple products such as you mentioned Apple Radio. There's a lot more content on the Apple Watch and apps and then also Apple Pay. Are you increasingly focusing on hiring and kind of non hardware things (45:32)? Or are these kind of more peripheral activities and still the focus is kind of right now on the phone?
Timothy D. Cook: Jim, it's Tim. We think the phone has a lot of legs to it. I mean, many, many, many years. There's tons of innovation left at the phone. I think we're in the early innings of it, not in the late innings, and I think the market rate of growth over the long haul will also be impressive. And so there will be multiple winners here. And so that's how I see it. In terms of the other things that we're doing, we have some great capability and great teams in Apple. And so we can do more than one thing, and so we have other things that we're working on as well. But at the aggregate level, we still remain very focused because if you look at our size versus the number of projects we have going, it's much smaller compared to most. But that's how we do things and that's how we get the level of quality that we want out of each one of those. And so the other things that you named, whether it be Apple Music or Apple Pay, both of these are very important to us. And things that you didn't mention, the Mac continues to perform very well. I am still bullish on iPad. We've gotten with iOS 9, there's some incredible productivity enhancements coming in with split view and slide over and picture-in-picture. These things are incredible features. The enterprise business is clearly picking up and more and more companies are either contracting for or writing apps themselves. I think and I believe that the iPad consumer upgrade cycle will eventually occur because as we look at the usage statistics on iPad, it remains unbelievably great. I mean, the next closest usage of the next competitor, we're six times greater. And so these are extraordinary numbers. It's not like people have forgotten iPad or anything. It's a fantastic product. So I see a lot of runway. And as I look geographically, where we've been doing really good in the emerging markets, our share is still not high in any of them, and so there's a lot of headroom there as well, as there is in most developed markets as well. And so I look around, I see opportunity left and right. And that's what we're focused on.
James D. Suva: Great. Thank you so much.
Nancy Paxton: Thanks, Jim. Could we have the next question please?