
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini from Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you for taking the questions. I had two. I was just wondering, Mark, you mentioned similar to how you referenced Facebook and Instagram being complementary, how do you think about WhatsApp and Messenger? And I'm wondering if there's different paths to monetization over time for each of these? And then my second question, I guess, might be for any of you. Just you, Dave, have mentioned expectations for slower growth in ad load on core Facebook in the second half of this year. How should we think about the potential for ad load growth on Instagram? Thank you.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: I'll take Messenger and WhatsApp and you can take ad load. So yes is the basic answer that Messenger and WhatsApp serve somewhat different utilities for people. WhatsApp really takes the place of SMS in a lot of the markets where it operates. The graph is based on phone numbers. You're as likely to text your barber or someone that you're going to transact with, who you would have a phone number with, as you would be a friend. Whereas on Facebook Messenger, the graph is your friends, and you're more likely to, say, wish an acquaintance happy birthday on Facebook Messenger than on WhatsApp or you might not have their phone number in the first place. So you can think about some overlap in the core use case, you might message your close friends and family on either. But what we found in general is that if you look at some of the markets that are strongest for both of them, they can each grow in those markets, and as messaging has become more affordable and more reliable for people, the volumes of messaging have just gone through the roof in terms of what people want to do. My understanding from looking at a bunch of analytics is that the peak of global SMS reached somewhere in the low 20 billion messages per day, and we already have many times more than that. Three times or more, more than that across WhatsApp and Messenger. And, of course, there are other messaging products in the world besides these as well. So we're pretty confident that this is going to keep on growing. I do think to your point that the monetization paths are going to be somewhat different, reflecting the differences in product philosophy. So Messenger is much more focused on being an expressive and rich environment that has lots of different types of content. Kind of more like Facebook to the Instagram example that we used before, whereas WhatsApp I think is a much more utilitarian experience with a much more stark UI where there's just not as much emphasis on having a lot of different ways to engage. So we did the experiment that you asked about before around ads and Messenger and different ways that businesses can interact and there's a lot of flexibility around how we can explore there, which is why I think you'll see more of that on the Messenger side than on the WhatsApp side in the near term. But giving businesses the opportunity to connect in WhatsApp and reach the people that they want and eventually have increasingly, hopefully, transactional interactions I think will be a really useful thing on that platform as well.
David M. Wehner: Heather, it's Dave. Just on Instagram versus Facebook and ad load, clearly the biggest driver of our business is core Facebook just in terms of sheer size and even sheer contribution to growth. Instagram is growing quicker on a percentage basis, but it's much smaller. The ad load opportunities are higher on Instagram because Instagram is at a lower ad load than Facebook, so there is an opportunity for us to continue to grow ad load on Instagram probably beyond – in a longer timeframe than there is on Facebook because of that disparity in terms of where they are today. But given the scale of Facebook and the importance of driving overall revenue, that's why I continue to express what our expectations are for advertising growth in 2017 and the reduction in the growth rate that we expect, given the potential to grow ad load on Facebook that we expect to come down in 2017.