
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Ross MacMillan with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ross MacMillan: Thanks so much. Maybe two for Amy. Just first on that KPI of Azure plus server products, that high teens number was obviously a lot better this quarter. But is that still the framework for the year? And then actually on Windows, we've seen such elevated strength on the Pro side, I think because of the corporate Win 10 cycle. And I wondered if you could just, as we think about the back half of the current fiscal year and we come up against some tougher comps, I wondered if you could just help us sort of think through that and how we should think about the puts and takes on that refresh cycle? Thanks.
Amy E. Hood: Sure. On the first question on the server and product KPI, obviously the strong performance this quarter gives me higher confidence in my commitment to high teens growth in that number. But I'll update that generally longer in the quarter and will give me through Q2 before I make a longer commitment. And then separately on Windows 10 and the strength we've seen in OEM Pro, and I would also say it mirrors in some ways you're also going to see some of that growth and strength in Windows commercial, so let me answer them a bit together. The Windows 10 Pro strength and I think commercial strength we've seen, we continue to see good signs on the commercial refresh, really security, manageability of modern hardware and software together continues to be a good signal for us. We continue to watch the end of support. It's really critical for us for customers to have a terrific experience as we upgrade them and ask them to move to Windows 10 with a lot of value. That end of support is about five quarters away, so we'll continue to expect good signal and good demand in that Pro segment. And it should, to your point, match increasingly the market and we do get to some slightly bigger comps in H2 which I would agree with. But I don't want to diminish the signal because the signal is demand is very good for Windows 10 and upgrades in modern hardware when they realize the benefits. And so even if you have a tougher comp, I think the demand signal and our opportunity to continue to sell Microsoft 365 in that process and then upgrade to Office 365 as they do deployments is a big opportunity for us to excel.
Ross MacMillan: Thanks so much.
Michael Spencer: Great. Thanks, Ross. Operator, this will be our last question. We'll take it now please.