
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark May with Citi.
Mark May: Brian, if you look back historically, your Q1 operating income guidance is typically about $300 million, $400 million lower than your Q4. Obviously, it's significantly greater than that this quarter. Maybe if you could shed a little light on why that is so and what are some of the key drivers there. And AWS and cloud pricing appears to have been more subtle in the recent quarters. Maybe if you could talk a little bit about the pricing environment and why that has been the case at least compared to trends from back in '14, '15, previously.
Brian Olsavsky: Sure. Let me start with guidance. So yes, the operating income guidance is $300 million to $1 billion. Operating income last year was $1 billion. Q1 is generally when we see the volume drop off from Q4 obviously, but a lot of the cost remain from the year-over-year build up in cost, particularly in the fulfillment network. So it's generally a headwind every Q1. It's -- given the 30% plus growth in square footage last year that we've built, that's 1 major headwind from Q4 to Q1. But we also continue to invest, particularly in Alexa and our device area. As I mentioned in a number of comments earlier, we're very happy with the results, the customer adoption, the device sales that we're seeing and the general customer acceptance there. So we will continue to invest there. That's probably the 2 largest factors in Q1, I would say.
Dave Fildes: This is Dave. Just on the second piece on pricing. I think on the pricing environment, nothing really to call out there. I guess, just a reminder on our pricing philosophy for AWS, I mean periodic price reductions are a normal part of our business where reduced prices more than 60x with AWS since launching. So really, our kind of goal philosophy here is to drive efficiencies in our ops and pass those savings on to customers, and some of that's through, again, with the more than 60 price reductions, but also finding through new service and future launches, better options for customer that -- customers to present more efficient features for them to be able to run their businesses.