
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Mark R. Murphy: Yes, thank you very much. Amy, I see the commercial bookings numbers in the KPI sheet, but I do not see the total bookings numbers. I'm wondering if you could just comment on that so that we can try to maintain a consistent analysis there if it's relevant. And also, Satya, now that SQL Server has taken over this number one position in the Gartner Quadrant for the database market, could you help us understand how the roadmap evolves from here? As we did notice Amazon made its debut also in the leader's Quadrant, and I think we're trying to understand how the movement to cloud platforms like Azure could further alter the database landscape and how you could capitalize on that.
Amy E. Hood: Why don't you go first.
Satya Nadella: Yeah, I'll go first. I think the data architecture that underlies what's happening in the enterprise underneath applications is going through a dramatic change. That said, the relational database itself remains still a very strong component, but not the only component anymore, in both on-premise and off-premise. And what we want to make sure as a company is to cover all of that landscape with a very rich data platform. So if you look at what we're doing, the length and breadth of our ambition as well our delivery today, everything from what SQL itself is doing, we have now all in-memory workloads for OLTP, BI, data warehousing built in. We have the ability to now tier even the database with the cloud. This is all the things that are coming in SQL 2016 and we're excited about that. When it comes to the cloud itself, we have a PaaS service with SQL, which is very unique in terms of SQL Azure. We have now the Data Lake service for basically petabyte, exabyte scale data management. We have higher level data services like Azure ML, which is about advanced analytics, a category we didn't even participate in the past. So we've entered that category, Revolution R fits into that. So we have a very rich story and this is not even talking about some of the other end-user BI capabilities like Power BI. So I think we have a very rich vision and execution on what is an expanding data platform opportunity. And it's nice to see us innovate on the new services while we also in what is still the big market, which is the relational database market, claim a leadership position.
Amy E. Hood: And Mark, on the total bookings number, the reason we moved to commercial bookings is it's a far more comparable number to look at period to period. Total bookings, because the volatility frankly in consumer businesses in times like the holiday periods, it can make it far more volatile than usually what many of you have been asking for, which is the continuity and health of the overall commercial business. If you want to get to total bookings, you just add back in all the consumer revenue, is technically is how you would do it. But I do think the more helpful KPI for us in terms of bookings is the commercial one.
Mark R. Murphy: Thank you.
Chris Suh: Great. Thanks, Mark. Operator, we'll have time for one final question, please.