
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Philip Winslow with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Philip Winslow: Hi thanks guys and congrats on another great quarter. Question first for Amy on Office 365, Office 365 commercial revenue continues to outpace the unit growth monthly active users, so are you still seeing that trend up to E35 cetera, I wonder if you could take us through where we are in that life cycle and also just to follow on your comments to the last question, you know Satya you launched at Inspire your Microsoft 365 that Amy just mentioned, how should we think about Microsoft 365 in the context of Office 365, also just given the fact that Windows commercial actually accelerated this quarter as well.
Satya Nadella: Yeah, maybe I can start and then…
Amy Hood: Why don't you start and I will do the next one.
Satya Nadella: So one of the things that we are very excited about and have learnt a lot from is the secure productive enterprise offer that we have had now last year and impacted Q4, it really accelerated significantly, and so that has helped us in fact come up with Microsoft 365 at this very strong offering that brings together Office 365, Windows 10, as well as our enterprise mobility and security. And support even cross-platform devices. So we think of the modern workplace as having a very significant footprint of Windows, but also people will use phones of iOS and Android, but they need both productivity, creativity, and security across all of this estate of theirs, and that’s where I think we have a competitive advantage and a great value proposition. So that’s what Microsoft 365 embodies. It’s today available for enterprises and in the fall you will have the midmarket version of it, which I think is a another very big opportunity because it really helps take what we have learnt in the large enterprises and scale it to where perhaps the need is even more acute and so we are excited about that and at Inspire the partner channel obviously is very excited about it as well.
Amy Hood: And so to your point and it’s a nice transition from Satya's point about, especially the midmarket offering coming in the fall for Microsoft 365 is installed base growth. You are right, in terms of Office commercial 365 the primary driver is still installed base, both the transition as well as new. I think we are optimistic as we head into FY 2018 for the installed base growth possible in particular for some of these midmarket offerings that we’re quite proud off The ARPU growth that you saw and have seen in the past couple of quarters continues to primarily, Phil, be related still to the E1 to E3 transition. When we mentioned E5, I think that’s frankly encouraging for us because all of these premium offers do best when you start the deployment motion. People start using E1 then they use E3 and then you start to see the momentum in E5, and we did see that. However, in terms of ARPU impact very, very small in quarter. So that’s something that over time you will continue to see improvement in terms of impact on ARPU.
Philip Winslow: Awesome guys thanks a lot.
Amy Hood: Thanks.
Chris Suh: Thank you. We will take the next question please.