
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Philip Winslow with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed.
Philip Winslow: Hi. Thanks, guys, for taking my question. Just wanted to focus back in on Office 365 on the commercial front. You had another strong quarter of revenue growth obviously at 49% constant currency, but it continues to meaningfully outpace the seat growth, which is still strong, about 37%. So that commentary that you all had given about premium mix in the past, two questions here. First to Satya, when you think about where we are in the progression, call it up to E5 so to speak or E3, how do you think this plays out? And how do you think about the mix of unit growth versus that premium mix and translating it to revenue? And then to Amy, I guess I'd argue that maybe we've done the low margin or low gross margin parts of the Office 365 transition. And now as this mix goes up, you're actually not just increasing revenue, but the margin is better too. Is that fair? And then how do you tie that back to your commercial cloud gross margin expectations long term?
Satya Nadella: Yeah. I can start. On the product side, we think of actually three things we are trying to do on a continuous basis in Office 365. First, even for the customers who are already on Office 365 at any given licensing level, we focus quite a bit on their increased usage and intensity. So for example, one of the comments I made in my remarks was, for example, SharePoint with PowerApps and Flow. That's to us to the best way for us to keep having that recurring value. And so we focus quite a bit on adding additional value even to the existing licensing levels and increasing intensity of usage. Then things like what we are doing to even go to non-knowledge worker audiences in retail or in manufacturing with some of the things that we're doing with staff scheduling for example. That's a way to expand seats even beyond what is the traditional knowledge worker. Of course, we have significant more opportunity in small and medium sized businesses, although we have had good healthy growth there. I think seat growth will come more from material increases internationally as well as with some of the regulated segments of the market finally moving to the cloud. Those are all opportunities ahead. And then the last one of course is the new value in things like E5 with voice or analytics and security. So all those three dimensions, there will be variability quarter to quarter in terms of what's happening. But in terms of our investments in that core product value, it is actually happening on all those three.
Amy E. Hood: And to your point on where we are and what's driving that delta and its consistency, frankly, over time, actually still the biggest impact is from the transition to E3. Transitions take time. And so you're just starting to see some of the impact from E5. We're excited about all the customers in trial and are already starting to use the value, whether it's security, increasingly analytics, and ultimately voice. But really from an ARPU perspective, the biggest driver continues to be the transition to E3. And so then that leads to your question on do you continue to believe there's some margin expansion possible as you add newer and higher value workloads. And of course, the answer to that is we do believe that, but it certainly comes over a period of time and run through our annuity base over that pace.
Chris Suh: Great, thank you, Phil. We'll take the next question, please.