
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from line of Alex Zukin with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Alex Zukin: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my question. Satya, I wanted to ask you about Azure Stack adoption. You mentioned it was ahead of your expectations on the call. And, I guess, if you think about your early traction with service providers and how you're empowering them to build these Azure capable datacenters globally, maybe longer term how should we think about the impact of this on Azure hyper-growth durability beyond fiscal 2018 as you scale?
Satya Nadella: See, our overall vision for how computing evolves is that it's going to be more distributed, not less distributed. Let's just take for example what's happening in a factory. In a factory, one thing that is secular is that they're putting lots and lots of more sensors. Lot of the sensors today are in fact rendezvousing some of that data straight to the cloud. As you do more of that, what happens is you need to - and then you start doing sensor fusion, which is your multiple sensors that you want to be able to fuse and take action. The speed of light gets in the way. So they want local compute. And so, in order to have that local compute in some of these factories with millions of sensors, you may in fact need Azure Stack. So it's not just about old workloads and service providers and essentially hybrid computing as we understand it. When I think about hybrid computing at least in the fullness of time, it's more the future of distributed computing, where there is a cloud, there is an edge. And even the edge is not just one single edge. But it's got a topology associated with it, going all the way to the sensors, whether it's at home, whether it's in a hospital, whether it's in a factory. So that's where we're going to end up, which is a true distributed computing fabric that the world needs in order to be digitally transformed. How - and quarter to quarter will there be volatility, shifts, changes, that's all going to be the case. But we see the pattern emerge pretty clearly in terms of where we need to go.
Chris Suh: Okay. Thank you, Alex. So that wraps up the Q&A portion of today's earnings call. Thank you for joining us today. We look forward to seeing many of you at the coming months at various investor conferences and events. You can find the details on the Microsoft IR website. Thank you.
Satya Nadella: Thank you all. Thank you very much.
Amy Hood: Thank you all. Thanks, Chris.