
Operator: The last question comes from Ben Schachter from Macquarie. Benjamin Schachter - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Thanks for taking the question. Mark, you stated that AR mixed reality could be the next computing platform. Obviously, this is way out in the future. But if that implies something so large, how do you think about allocating resources for that? How much are you willing to spend on it, and any new thoughts on how this all evolves? And then related to that, the next iPhone is coming out soon. Do you think that there will be capabilities there that will impact the AR evolution meaningfully? Thanks.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: This is certainly something that I'm really excited about long term. Not only does it have the possibility of being the next major computing platform, AR and VR together, but I think it has the possibility of being much more social and intuitive and natural than some of the devices that we have today, whether they're computers or phones. So that's why I'm really excited about that. When you think about AR glasses, the technology and science to build an experience that would be both comfortable to wear and something that people would actually want to wear out in public, that doesn't exist yet. So there's a lot of foundational work that needs to get done there. That's partially why I'm excited about doing the VR work because it doesn't have that constraint. You're not wearing VR out in public. But also recently, one of the things that we've seen is that there are a lot of AR experiences on mobile. So the work that we started talking about at F8 that we are releasing slowly over the course of the year is certainly one of the precursors for building out that ecosystem that I'm excited about. But look, if I was just saying that video is going to be the primary driver or one of the big drivers over the next few years and Messenger maybe after that, I think AR is quite far down the road. But when you're running an operation and serving people at this scale, I think you have a responsibility to invest in all these things that are downstream that could help shape and improve people's lives, because I don't think that there are that many other folks in the world who will. So I think that that's a thing that we take seriously, whether it's connectivity and making sure that people actually all around the world get to enjoy and benefit from the opportunities that the Internet has or the improvements that come from AI, or eventually upgrading the computing platforms that we all get to use. This stuff doesn't just happen automatically. And someone in the world needs to focus on building it, and we want to play a role in that.
Deborah Crawford: Great, thank you. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your time, and we look forward to speaking with you again.