
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Philip Winslow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Phil Winslow: Thanks guys. Just got a question on the commercial other line, obviously that continues to show strong growth and have been climbing up in the cloud business whether it be Azure, Office 365, but I just wanted to double click on the Azure side. Wondering if you could help us parse through sort of the infrastructure server as in the platform as server side and the trends there and any sort of joint benefit I guess that you're seeing and being able to offer both as to and also such as this business does scale and then Amy. I would love you to chime in hereto, how do you think about the gross margin and just operating margin characteristics once again as the revenue just continues to grow here?
Satya Nadella: Thanks Phil. So let me start. Overall, what we're seeing is, clearly there is increased usage of infrastructure as a service because a lot of people will move an existing workload into the cloud. But the interesting thing that happens once you move your initial workload is you build around it. Especially for example, if you move a VM with some data into the cloud, you may want to use the same data to build a mobile front end and that’s when you're starting to use some of our platform as a service components like our Azure Mobile Services, Azure Media Services. So we see the combination and they're not all happening coincident, but there is time lag in it but therefore that’s one of the reasons why we want to be very aggressive in getting the workloads on to Azure both storage and compute; and even in the storage and compute, we now have premium offerings for higher SLA, for higher performance, higher VM sizes and then on top of that, we have these managed services which have a different margin profile. So media services, mobile services, WAB which is another place where we actually have lot of traction. And then that’s all just on Azure. Once you get beyond Azure, you have things like CRM Online, you have enterprise mobility suite and of course the Office 365 line up and when we think about our capital and in fact the core infrastructure, we don’t have different infrastructure for these different services. It’s one common infrastructure and one common data center footprint between O365 Azure, CRM, Xbox Live everything. So that’s why utilization of that entire infrastructure is how we think about even total return on invested capital for our cloud business.
Phil Winslow: Great.
Chris Suh: Thanks Phil. We'll move to the next question please.