
Operator: Thank you. Our first question will come from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.
Shannon Cross: Luca, I wanted to talk a little bit about, more about your comments on capital structure. I realize you don't want to give any specifics about what you're actually going to return in the timing. But just maybe if you can talk about how much cash you think you need to have here on the business? And then in terms of ongoing cash flow, since toe overseas cash flow no longer be encumbered, does that change your thought process, in general? And then I have a follow up. Thank you.
Luca Maestri: Of course, we've been talking about the importance of tax reform over the years, because we believe it's really beneficial to the U.S. economy. What it means to us as a company of course is that, we have additional flexibility right now from the access to the foreign cash. And in the past, we've been addressing this issue by having to raise debt as the cash was overseas; the majority of the cash was overseas. And so we are now in a position where we have $285 billion of cash, we've got $122 billion of debt for a net cash of $163 billion. We have now the flexibility to deploy this capital. We will do that overtime, because the amount is very large. As I said earlier, we will be discussing capital allocation plans when we review our March quarter results. And when you look at our track record of what we’ve done over the last several years, you’ve seen that effectively we were returning to our investors essentially about 100% of our free cash flow. And so that is the approach that we’re going to be taking. We’re going to be very thoughtful and deliberate about it. Obviously, we want to make the right decisions in the best interest of our long-term shareholders.
Shannon Cross: And then, Tim, maybe could you talk a little bit more about what you’re hearing from customers in terms of the iPhone demand. How you’re thinking about the potential decay rate, for lack of a better term, with the high-end phones and over $1,000 phone versus balancing that with now your ability to ship phones down below $400, because you’ve expanded the product line so much when you launched your phones in 2017? Thank you.
TimCook: The revenue growth from iPhone across all the geographic segments was in the double-digits. And I think as Luca said earlier, when you change that for an average weekly sales basis, it’s actually 22%. And so it was a stellar quarter for iPhone. The iPhone X was the most popular and that’s particularly noteworthy given that we didn’t start shipping until early November, and we’re constrained for a while. The team did a great job of getting into supply demand balance there in December. But since the launch of iPhone X, it has been the most popular iPhone every week, every week sales. And that is even through today, actually through January. And so we feel fantastic about the results. The most important thing for us is that really the number, it’s customer satisfaction. And customer satisfaction is literally off the charts on iPhone X. We think about the advances in technology that were a part of the iPhone X from -- we went from Touch ID to Face ID; Face ID has been incredibly well received; the wireless charging, the edge to edge super retina display; and totally new gestures, the user experience is different. And so it’s great to get that kind of feedback. If you look at the the overall iPhone line to get to the essence of the question, I think. I looked -- I reviewed the top many markets, I’ll talk briefly about the top four. In Urban China and the U.S., the top five smartphones last quarter were all iPhones. And in Japan and the UK, six of the top seven were iPhones. And so in a market that is as large as the smartphone market is, people want some level of choice and they’re deciding which ones to buy. But we feel fantastic, particularly as it pertains to iPhone X.