
Operator: From Cross Research, Shannon Cross.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much. I had a question about gross margin. Luca, you got gross margins of 39% to 39.5% in your guidance and that includes hedging. So, I'm curious about the puts or takes in there. And then can you clarify if within the gross margin this quarter that had the IP licensing contribution, as well? Any color you can give, both on this quarter's gross margin puts and takes, and then also the March quarter. And then I have a follow-up.
Luca Maestri: Yes. So, -- certainly Shannon, let me start with Q1. I think when you say IP licensing; you mean this patent dispute that was resolved. Yes, it was included in the gross margins and it was worth 40 basis points in the 40.1% that we reported for Q1. For the second quarter, the puts and takes are actually quite simple. From an FX standpoint, the negative impact on a sequential basis from the December quarter is 50 basis points. Then of course, I would say by far the largest impact on margins for the quarter is the loss of leverage, because that's part of our seasonal pattern, which gets offset by a favorable commodity environment that we've seen for a number of quarters now. And in a way, it's the other side of the coin of the foreign exchange situation.
Shannon Cross: Okay. Thanks. And then Tim, can you talk a bit about -- and I apologize, I sort of lost my voice here. Can you talk a bit about leverage within the model? I know you said you want to invest while there's great opportunity in China and all of that. But given some of the pressures you're seeing, how do you think about where you spend that incremental SG&A dollar and that R&D dollar? And how should we think about it, given you're running $6 billion a quarter?
Tim Cook: Yeah, on the R&D, Shannon, we're continuing to invest without pause. We have some great things in the pipeline and we very much believe strongly in investing through downturns, such as the one that everyone is going through. In terms of SG&A, we obviously seek to throttle expenditures in SG&A to the business level, with the exception of where we're investing in new stores and, for example, our expansion plans in China have not changed. We are maintaining our investment profile and plans there. We are also continuing to invest in markets where we believe they are great places for Apple for the long-term, like India, as an example of that one. And finally, even in the markets where today, grandly, it looks fairly bleak, from Russia and Brazil and some of the other economies that are very much tied to our oil-based economies. We do believe that this, too, shall pass and that these countries will be great places and we want to serve customers in there and so we're not retrenching. That's not -- we don't believe in that. We fortunately are strong enough to continue investing and we think it's in Apple's best long-term interest to do so. Obviously, from a cost point of view, the downside of economic stress is that some asset prices get cheaper, commodity prices get cheaper, and that sort of thing. And so I think this is exactly the period that you want to invest and do so confidently.
Shannon Cross: Thank you.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Shannon. Could we have the next question please?