
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Philip Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Philip Winslow: Hi. Thanks. Congratulations on a great quarter. I just wanted to focus in on Office 365 because some of those metrics really jumped out to us. It seems like overall revenue between commercial and E&D for Office 365 is up over 100%. If you look at the consumer user count is up pretty huge this quarter-to-quarter there. The question is sort of about Satya and Amy. Satya when you think about the positioning and sort of where we are in just the adoption lifecycle of Office 365 on the consumer side and then the SMB and enterprise. Where are we in terms of the inflection point there? And then Amy, how should we think about going forward in terms of the guidance that you gave how we should think about the financial implications of where we are in that transition from off-premise to the Office 365?
Satya Nadella: Let me start, and Amy you could take it from there. Overall I would say there’s a secular movement that’s happening in particular with Office 365, quite frankly, it’s happening across the entire product portfolio of Microsoft which is more to what I would described as annuity relationship as well as subscription relationships. Because those of a long-term contracts relationships we want to have with our customers be it consumer, be it small business or large customers. In all the years I’ve been at Microsoft it was always our dream to be able to sell more of the sophisticated capabilities of Office to individual consumers as well as small businesses. But it was hard to do in the previous generation because of the server infrastructure and what I would say sophistication of IT required. Whereas now with the cloud for the first time we now can serve both individuals as well as small businesses with the same kind of sophistication that in the past was exclusively available for the large enterprises. That’s what you see when we see our subscription growth in consumer, we see subscription growth in small business these are folks who never bought a server from us. So that’s what we’re seeing is increasing, what I would call, annuity relationships and subscription relationships with all classes of customers. And it’s new penetration, so it’s not even a one-for-one replacement, even for the enterprise customer there consumption is going up. They may have consumed one or two workloads but now they can have the opportunity to consume the entirety of the portfolio and not just that. If you look at the products in Office 365 that we have, take eDiscovery it’s a complete new space for us where we are able to do things in security eDiscovery enterprise management that we didn’t even do for the top end of the enterprise in the service side, so that’s what we’re seeing.
Amy Hood: And, Phil, on the math that sits behind that, it’s a good timing. Next week at the financial analyst briefing, I’ll send the – and have a lot more time to explain the actual lifetime value of each of these customer segments, especially in Office 365. But I think in consumer, it’s maybe the easiest one to talk about, is that we talked about license growth of 10%, when you correct for Japan. Our ability to quickly, I think, move our customer base through stronger execution, both direct through retail and having our channel execute well and partner with us on this transition. I do think we’ve made a lot of progress. And maybe more importantly, we continue to innovate in the product and deliver value to the end user, which is really what matters. And so I think we’ll be able to show the progress we’ve made over every quarter, and give you some goals going forward. So I look forward to having the chance to spend more time on that in detail. And SMB looks very similar in some ways. They purchased similarly, was bought with a PC, was bought one time, it was infrequent, with an inability, as Satya said, to add workloads. So I think those are some of the bigger transitions you’ve seen for us in terms of being able to increase the value. So hopefully, we’ll be able to give you more details on that next week.
Philip Winslow: I’ve been waiting for those details for years. I appreciate that. All right. Thanks, guys.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Phil. Next question, please, operator.