
Operator: From Piper Jaffray, we’ll hear from Gene Munster.
Gene Munster: Tim, you mentioned there’s more switchers versus previous cycles. Any thoughts on what that would mean or could mean for market share over the next few quarters, and kind of I guess the sustainability of the 6 cycle? And then second question, for Luca, in terms of any thoughts on what the margin impact from the watch is that ramps over the next couple of years?
Tim Cook: Gene, if you look at the overall worldwide, we grew iPhone 40%. And IDC’s estimate of the market for last quarter is a 16%, so we grew two and a half times. And if you kind of look through at the different countries, in almost every country, we grew at a multiple of the market. And as I mentioned before, in emerging markets, we did extremely well. And so I feel really good about where we are, and you can hopefully tell with the strong guidance that we provided, that we’re very bullish on the current quarter as well. And so I think things look very, very good. We’re also pleased, in addition to the switcher number, that we’re doing fairly well with first time buyers, which is also a key metric for us. And so it’s tough to find something in the numbers not to like.
Luca Maestri: And Gene, let me take your question on margins. I’ll talk about Q3, because you know, this is the period that we provide guidance for. And we guided to 38.5% to 39.5%, which is slightly down versus our performance in Q2. And this is driven by a number of things. First of all, it’s the loss of leverage from the sequential decline in revenue. This is typical of our seasonality. There’s a foreign exchange element, and I mentioned before the negative impact on a sequential basis about 40 basis points. And also, we’re launching the Apple Watch. Apple Watch is not only a new product, but it’s a brand new category with a lot of new features, a lot of new, innovative technologies. And Apple Watch margins will be lower than company average.
Gene Munster: One maybe quick follow up, Tim, in terms of the base of iPhones that have upgraded. I think you provided a number last quarter on that. Is there any update to that metric?
Tim Cook: Yeah, sure. Our current estimate is that about 20% of the active installed base has upgraded to a 6 or 6 plus. And so as I look at that number, that suggests there’s plenty of upgrade headroom in addition to we want to keep inviting over as many switchers as we can. So between both of those and the first time buyers as well, it seems really, really good right now.