
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Keith Eric Weiss: Excellent. Thank you guys for taking the question and a very nice quarter indeed. I wanted to ask about the Azure in particular and the public cloud performance that you saw this quarter. It again seems like you're seeing an acceleration in that overall business and more broadly it seems like industry-wide both you guys and AWS are seeing something of an inflection point going on in terms of more and more business accruing to those public cloud environments. So my question is just that, would you agree with that statement that there is an inflection going on in the business? And if so, what do you think is causing that and is there a changing nature in how people are using that cloud? And then maybe for Amy, is there something we should bear in mind in terms of your traditional business, sort of the on-premise business that may be impacted as that inflection takes place that we should bear in mind as you go forward?
Satya Nadella: Yeah, I'll start, Keith, thanks for the question. Overall what we have seen is the public cloud or cloud infrastructure makes it much more possible for businesses of all sizes and developers of all sizes to get at infrastructure with much less friction than ever before. I grew up in our server business in the past. We were definitely the one to democratize servers by bringing servers to small businesses. But when I think about what's happening for example in Office 365, where we are adding 50,000 small business customers who now get the most sophisticated server technology, but now as a SaaS service, that's what's really happening world over with all application categories and that's where the growth is. I don't know long-term whether there is a zero-sum equation, but right now and in the intermediate timeframe, we see in our case growth in both sides. And in our case the vision also we have for distributed cloud infrastructure is just that, it is distributed. So we don't think of our server as a legacy business. I think of it as the edge of our cloud. If you look at what we are doing with SQL, we will have the ability for any customer of SQL to stretch even a single table from between their on-premise to the cloud. Those are the kinds of things that we are excited about. But we clearly are seeing very rapid growth and adoption of our Azure cloud. But in our case there are two unique aspects. One is this true distributed hybrid. And second is we don't think of Azure in isolation. We think about it in the combination of Office 365, Dynamics, EMS, because really it's one cloud infrastructure first of all from a capital perspective that sort of serves all of these and there's a virtuous cycle between all of these for our customers as well.
Amy E. Hood: And Keith, your second question, the place you'll actually see it will be in the gross margin percentage. As Satya said, I do expect both to grow, both the on-premise and the cloud. But I expect the mix to increasingly shift toward the cloud given its sort of robust growth rate, which will impact the gross margin percentage over time.
Keith Eric Weiss: Excellent. That's very helpful, thank you.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Keith. We'll take the next question, please.