
Operator: Our next question comes from Brent Thill from UBS.
Brent J. Thill: Good afternoon. Satya, the server business continues a steady outperformance and, as Amy pointed out, better growth than your peers. I guess a couple questions as it relates to the Windows 2003 retirement and any impact you're seeing there. And then secondarily, if you could, just comment on some of the new product launches. It seems like there's a stack of new solutions that are coming on the server side that look pretty exciting. Your partners are excited about it. If you could highlight what you see as the most interesting from your perspective over the next several quarters. Thank you.
Satya Nadella: Overall, I'd start even with the bold view that my server business is not a legacy business. We fundamentally think about servers as the extension of the cloud. I even describe it architecturally as the edge of our cloud. Every server, for example, has things like disaster recovery, backup, and tier-ing with the cloud. And so we will continue to push that differentiation because I think that view architecturally and the delivery of it is what makes us pretty unique. And you see it in the numbers. Our servers even this quarter grew 9%. And compared to the industry peers, we're obviously gaining share with Windows Server, on SQL Server, and pretty much all of our management and security products as well. And going forward, we have a fantastic lineup of servers, not just the infrastructure, but even SharePoint, Exchange, Lync Server continues to have significant on-premise deployment. So as our cloud continues to grow, obviously, we are getting where there is more capability in the cloud. We're incenting customers and our partners to move to the cloud. But at the same time, we are going to have a great server wave. I'm excited about our SQL product. I think it goes into the first preview next – in fact, tomorrow. And that product I think is a pretty revolutionary product because for the first time you can take a single table in a database and you would tier it with the cloud, and that kind of capability only we can provide, and that's something that I'm looking forward to.
Amy Hood: And, Brent, to your specific question on Windows Server 2003, we did have a good quarter, as we talked about, in Windows Server. But in general, that business, unlike the quiet upgrades that we see, just because so much of the business is already on annuity, you don't see that type of incremental impact in an in-quarter release. That isn't to say there isn't ample opportunity for us to make sure we upgrade customers to the higher-value product and more secure and more manageable offerings we have in the server business.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Brent. Operator, we'll take the next question, please.