
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post: Great, thank you. Dave, maybe you can talk a little bit about the sustainability of the pricing growth that you're seeing with advertising. Obviously your outlook for next year suggest decelerates modestly, but it's certainly a very high level and talk a little bit about that. And then maybe Mark or Dave, just talk about how the Watch tab is evolving? Are you seeing a lot of usage there? And how do you think about content in the Watch tab versions the News Feed? Thank you.
David Wehner: Yes. Sure, Justin on pricing growth, I think there we feel like we're making good progress in our goal of driving better outcomes in ROI for our advertisers through things like better targeting, better ad units, driving better conversion, and we think we're making good progress there, and the willingness of advertisers continue to grow budgets with us I think highlights our progress there. You remember they are optimizing at the end of the day for business results for a given dollar spent not the impression price that we're kind of nominally reporting here. So you can think of all of this work and Sheryl talked about the value optimization efforts as part of that as being an effort to improve the yield of the impressions that we have to drive downstream business results for advertising partners. And if we can drive those affectively that will translate into higher effective prices for our business. And as I mentioned, I think we believe we still have a lot of work to do to continue to improve that. So we think there's opportunities here.
Mark Zuckerberg: And for Watch, it's early, there are some promising signs, but in terms of how we think about this overall compared to News Feed. I would say it's really important to internalize that the News Feed video ecosystem and the Watch video ecosystem are almost completely separate things, right. So the Watch behaviors that we're building is one where people come intentionally to watch specific videos and to interact with the community around that. That's in contrast to what we worry is too passive consumption of an experience in News Feed today where people just happen to often see a video and maybe they'll watch it for a few minutes, but may not interactive around as much in News Feed. So we're still very optimistic long-term that Watch will be used for video that helps to bring people closer together and that will correlate with all the things that our community is telling us they want and that correlate with the measures of wellbeing that we think that social products can generate by helping people build relationships in terms of all the long-term measures of wellbeing that we care about like long-term happiness and health et cetera.