
Operator: Our next question will be from Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray.
Mike Olson: Good afternoon, and thanks for taking my questions. So Wearables category has been strong, and it's hard to believe it's now essentially the same size as Mac. But related to Apple's initiatives in healthcare, do you think health-related features are a primary driver of Wearables growth and maybe conversely how important is a rising installed base of Wearables and the data that's associated with that to the ongoing innovation within Apple health? And then I have a follow-up.
Tim Cook: Michael, it's Tim. The Wearables have done extremely well. It was acceleration further from the previous quarter. So we're thrilled with the results as to what's driving it it's the totality that's driving it. For some people it's about fitness; for some people, it's about health; for some other people, it's about communication; and for some people, it's all of the above. And I think the new feature of Always-On on Series 5 is a game changer for many of our users.And in terms of other health-related things that we have going, we will be continuing to build out our health records connection into the health app, really democratizes the information about people's health, and so they can easily go from doctor to doctor.We've got the research going that I had mentioned earlier, there will be more of those through time, and obviously we've got things that we're not going to talk about just yet that we're working on. But as I've said before, my view is there will be a day in the future that we look back, and Apple's greatest contribution will be to people's health.
Mike Olson: Okay. Thanks. And then with the strong slate of content in Apple TV+, can you just talk about the strategy behind giving it away to those that are buying in applicable device versus charging for it? And my congrats to Nancy. And thank you.
Tim Cook: Yes, it's a gift to our users, and from a business point of view, we'd like to -- we're really proud of the content. We'd like as many people as possible to view it. And so this allows us to focus on maximizing subscribers, particularly in the early going. And so we are - we feel great about doing that.I think it's a bold move. And the price also for those people that are not buying a device in the period of time that we offer this, the price is very aggressive as well. You think - think about the quality of content that you get for 499, and it's amazing. It is amazing.
Nancy Paxton: Thanks, Mike. Can we have the next question please?