
Operator: From Bank of America, Wamsi Mohan.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you. So, Tim and Luca, you saw that you could raise the ASP on the iPhone 7 Plus by $20 and you're completely sold out. So clearly this device plays a central role in our lives, so much that owners probably look at that incremental cost as a great trade-off to get the best device out there. So as you see more and more features being added into iPhones, do you conceptually expect that you are anywhere close to the point where raising ASPs further would be net disruptive to demand? Or do you see more rooms to raise ASPs over time as you add incremental features? And I have a follow up.
Timothy Donald Cook: With the iPhone 7 Plus, we put an incredible amount of innovation into the camera and the overall photo experience, and customers are obviously using that and have discovered that they love it. And so we're getting an incredible amount of feedback there. We also get incredible feedback on the iPhone 7. And, but the mix that we projected on iPhone 7 Plus is short of what the reality is and so we are chasing supply there. In terms of the ASP, the way we think about it is we want to charge a fair price and so we don't want to charge more than that, and we think it's worth being fair. And so that's how we look at it.
Luca Maestri: If I can add, Wamsi, keep in mind that in a lot of countries around the world, the reality is that our customers have seen some significant price increases because of the FX situation, right. And that's something that we need to keep in mind as well.
Wamsi Mohan: Great. Thanks. Thanks for the clarification. And Tim, this year we saw carrier incentives come back to force post the launch of the iPhone 7, 7 Plus. Two years ago there was a giant upgrade to iPhone from the iPhone 6, 6 Plus. Do you think every couple of years we are likely to see carrier incentives come back into play given worries around customer churn, thereby making the phone even more affordable? Thanks.
Timothy Donald Cook: We clearly saw that this year. There's a lot of competition for customers in the U.S. which I think is the market that you're talking about. Whether that'll happen every two years, I don't know. But I suspect that any time there are large numbers of customers that have a phone that's in that two year kind of range that it tends to be a sweet spot, and I think you probably will see a lot of people trying to recruit those customers.
Wamsi Mohan: Thanks, Tim.
Timothy Donald Cook: Yeah. Thank you.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Wamsi. Could we have the next question, please?