
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my questions. I have two. The first one, last quarter, Dave, you made some comments about a multiyear margin outlook, and I appreciate the comment this quarter about engagement in the feed, et cetera. I was just curious when you thought about that margin outlook, how do you think about the one or two key drivers of News Feed monetization over the next few years, given you expect to be flat overall engagement? And then secondly on Watch, I'm wondering, Mark. Could you just talk about the key one to two steps you need to sort of clear in order to drive higher Watch and video engagement to sort of catch up with some of the competitors? Thanks.
David M. Wehner: Hey, Brian. It's Dave. In terms of what we're seeing as opportunities, I mean, we continue to see good growth opportunities for revenue across both Facebook and Instagram, including both feed and Stories. I think in terms of impression growth, you're going to have more opportunities in Stories, probably more opportunity on Instagram, but good revenue growth opportunities in both places. So that's obviously what we're looking for when we look forward. Beyond that, I don't have much to update on in terms of any more specific revenue outlook.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: And to the video questions, the biggest thing that we need to do is make sure that the video experience is people-centric and that we're helping creators build community and we're helping people interact with each other. Our journey with video has been a little bit funny, in that people really want to watch a lot of video. And to a large degree, we've had to limit its growth and we had to do the things so we can stop limiting it. The things that have caused us to limit it are, on the one hand, when we see passive consumption of video displacing social interactions, that's not something that we've wanted because we feel like that's what Facebook is. We build social products that help people interact. There are lots of places in the world that you can go to consume content, but we're the Internet service that people use to help connect with other people and we're not going to let passive consumption get in the way of that. So we needed to figure out a way so that video can grow, but people can also keep on interacting doing what they tell us that they uniquely want from Facebook. And now, I think we're starting to work through what the formula is going to be so we can take some of those rate limits off and let video grow at the rate it wants to. And I think that's a very exciting opportunity ahead, and that's one of the reasons that I'm very optimistic about the Watch growth that we've started to see recently up about 3x in the last few months in the U.S. alone.