
Operator: Your next question is from Ross Sandler with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Sandler: Great, so I guess a question for Mark or Sheryl. So at F8, you showcased a bunch of new features for Messenger, including ads to promote your business inside of Messenger. So how should we think about the timing of those ad units coming on in Messenger? And can you use the same ad stack in the Facebook Power Editor that's used on core Facebook and Instagram to get ads up on Messenger? Can you walk us through that? And then the second question on messaging, so with WhatsApp crossing 1 billion users recently, how do you view the product roadmap today on WhatsApp versus what you showcased recently with Messenger? Is it a year behind, or is it further back than that? Any color there would be helpful. Thanks.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: For Messenger and WhatsApp, our focus right now continues to be on growth and engagement. We are not rolling out any monetization products on WhatsApp right now, but we did start that process at F8 on Messenger. And what we're doing is following the organic activity that's happening on the Messenger platform. Businesses and consumers are using Messenger to connect to each other in a more personal, more immediate way. And we rolled out a platform beta, which gives new opportunities to build compelling experiences. Bots, very early but giving the opportunity for more personal interactions between businesses and mobile. The 10 received APIs (56:26), so that businesses could send immediate responses to common questions, including engaging images and call to action as well as texts. In terms of the timing, this is really early. We have a lot of opportunity to invest in advertising across our different platforms. And so we want to make sure we get this right as we focus on continued engagement. You're right that over time, when we make these investments, we are going to be able to rely on some of the core aspects of the ads infrastructure. Certainly, our long base of advertisers, some of the things we understand about how ads perform and the functionality will be an important part of the product offerings in the future, but those are not immediate by any stretch of the imagination.
Deborah Crawford: Operator, we have time for one last question.