
Operator: The next question is from Youssef Squali with Cantor. Your line is open.
Youssef Squali: Yes, thank you, two questions. About AI, can you help us understand your ambitions for MVO executed (53:39) in its current form? Does it have a place in the workplace, or internally maybe to enhance productivity, et cetera? And about the additional functionality you've added to Pages with the delivery and a few others, can you just help us understand what you're doing around discoverability? How will people actually find these services, and do you need tools for that? And maybe timing, how quickly can we see these tools being rolled out? Thank you.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: I did not fully understand the first question, so I'm going to talk about our AI work overall. In general, what we want to do is try to understand the content that people are sharing and that's out there for them to see as best as possible. So for example, that means being able to read and understand news articles or posts that people make or messages that a person might send to a business so we can help that business auto-reply to them and get information back to the person really quickly, or understand the content so we can better understand what might be interesting to a person and show it in News Feed. Similarly, aside from the conversational and linguistic understanding, there's a whole thread of the work that we're doing on visual understanding. So understanding photos, what's in photos, what's in videos, what people are doing. That allows us to not only do things around accessibility, to show somebody who is visually impaired to be able to read to them what might be in a video or a photo. But it also helps us rank News Feed better, so that way we can help understand what is in the content and show people more of what is going to be meaningful to them. It helps us identify content that might be offensive or graphic that might violate the policies of Facebook so we can flag that and review that better. So that's the main thread of the AI work we're doing is trying to understand conversational and linguistic context and computer vision, photographic and video signals to understand what's going on there. And that will apply across basically every product that we build at the company. And then of course, there's some deeper AI research that we're doing that feeds into those applications as well. That can apply to things like ranking for News Feed and search and ads and all of our systems more broadly.
David M. Wehner: On the discoverability of pages, a couple of things that I would point out there. First, we continue to invest in search. So obviously, that's a good way for people to discover interesting pages, interesting businesses around them, so search is one angle there. And then of course, ads, we've got 60 million businesses with pages. They manage those pages and then they can promote those pages via our easy-to-use ad products. We try to make it very easy for businesses to promote pages, promote posts and the like. So that's an important on-ramp to mobile advertising for a number of businesses around the world. Those are the two ways that I think of from enhancing discoverability of pages on Facebook.
Deborah Crawford: Operator, I think we have time for one last question.