
Operator: We'll go to Steve Milunovich with UBS.
Steven M. Milunovich: Thank you. First, I wanted to ask about the iPad. It looked like it was about to turn possibly even positive. You said it was above your plan, but I think it was pretty well below the Street's expectations. And the ASP deteriorated pretty significantly. I don't know if it's a mix shift. But maybe you can talk about the iPad and what you see going forward.
Timothy Donald Cook: The iPad, Steve, we had a 1.6 million-unit swing on channel inventory between the years. In the year-ago quarter we increased by 900,000. In this quarter we decreased by 700,000. On top of that and from an ASP point of view, in the year-ago quarter we launched the iPad Pro 13 Edge. That would be the iPad with obviously the highest price on it. We would have done the channel fill plus the launch of the product, and so that would have bolstered the ASPs in that particular quarter. In addition to all of that, we did under-call the number of iPads that would be in demand for the quarter, and that compounded a shortage issue that we had with one of our suppliers. And so all in all, there were quite a few things going on there. If I zoom out of the 90-day clock and look at it, we've got some exciting things coming on iPad. I still feel very optimistic about where we can take the product. When we look at the number of people buying iPads for the first time, which is a good thing to look at from a point of view of whether things are reaching a penetration point or not, the numbers indicate that it's not close to that kind of thing. The customer sat numbers are through the roof. Literally, the customer sat for the iPad Pro is 99%. It's stunning. And so I see a lot of good things and hope for better results, but we are still currently in this shortage issue now, and I'm not projecting to get out of that totally during the quarter. And so it will damper this quarter somewhat. But again, beyond the 90-day clock, I'm very bullish on iPad.
Steven M. Milunovich: Okay, that's great, thank you. And then, Tim, investors tend to think of the iPhone as mature and technology improvements as incremental, yet I believe you said there's plenty of runway left in terms of appealing new features. Do you think there are future enhancements coming that will be viewed as material by users, and particularly changes beyond form factor, beyond the way the phone looks? Are there functional things coming over time that you think could surprise people?
Timothy Donald Cook: I think the smartphone is still in the early innings of the game. I think there's lots more to do. I think it's become – every year it becomes more important to people's lives and there are more things people are doing with it. I talked a little bit about home automation, but I could have talked about health. I could have talked more about CarPlay. The use of it in the enterprise is growing significantly. And so when I look at all of these things, usage going up, app developers still innovating, we've got some exciting things in the pipeline, I feel really, really good about it. So this is one that we think different about a bunch of things, but maybe this is just one more.
Steven M. Milunovich: Thank you.
Timothy Donald Cook: Yes.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Steve. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks as a podcast on the iTunes Store, with a webcast on apple.com\/investor, and via telephone. The numbers for the telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 3378275. And these replays will be available by approximately 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of the press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414. And financial analysts can contact Joan Hoover or me with additional questions. Joan is at 408-974-4570, and I'm at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us.