
Operator: At this time, we will open up the call for questions. Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Justin Post: Great. I guess I'll just start with, can you give us your thoughts on the Whole Foods integration, how you see that contributing to the bottom line over time? And then on a quick balance sheet note, we obviously saw the strong AWS results, but unearned revenue doesn't seem to be growing at the rate it was in the past. Maybe comment a little bit on the unearned revenue growth on the balance sheet, why it might be slower than the past? Thank you.
Dave Fildes: Yes. Thanks, Justin. This is Dave. I'd also point you to beyond the balance sheet. There's some disclosure to (03:57) unearned revenue as part of the cash flow statement. So when you look at that for the three months ended, around 34%, 35% for (04:05) and, historically, what we've seen with unearned revenue is a big and leading contributor (04:12) signing up, paying $99 upfront and having that (04:18). That continues to be the biggest absolute contributor to what you see there. The other area that's been growing over the past few years is Amazon Web Services (04:30) instances where those customers can pay for services upfront in some cases and discounts over multi-year periods. What we're seeing more recently, I think, is on the Prime piece. We launched month-to-month Prime last year and if you think about how that works, customers are paying $10.99 per month as they go, so there's less that's deferred. So that's, I think, one of a number of factors. So, there's obviously other mix factors going in there besides the pieces that I just mentioned, but we have seen that monthly Prime has been a good driver of getting more members into the program. So, that's part of what you're seeing.
Brian T. Olsavsky: And your question about Whole Foods, we're really excited to have them as part of the team now after the acquisition in late August. What you see in the financial results for this quarter is, it's shown actually in the new physical stores revenue component, $1.3 billion of revenue, $21 million of operating income. And that's where you'll be seeing the Whole Foods revenue showing up. In addition, that is, the cost of revenue, physical stores revenue is going to be where we're going to book any sales where the customer physically selects an item in a store. So, it will also include, or does include our Amazon Books. But if you step back on Whole Foods, again, I think we've had busy months since we've joined forces, offering lower prices on a range of key grocery items in the stores, launching the Whole Foods private label products on Amazon, the technical (06:07) work to make Prime the Whole Foods customer rewards program, and we'll have that coming out in the future. We've added Amazon Lockers to select Whole Foods stores. So lots of activity, lots of energy and we're really excited to show customers what's possible when we join forces here.