
Operator: Your next question is from Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Douglas T. Anmuth: Thanks for taking the question. Mark, you talked about Oculus Rift shipping in 1Q 2016. Can you talk more about what you're most excited about in terms of the primary applications when it's into the mainstream? And then, Dave, can you also help us understand the cost structure more here as that product ramps? And then, Sheryl, if you could help us understand how broadly Instagram will open up to advertisers by year end? Thank you.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: I can talk about Oculus. So the reason why Facebook is excited in this space is I can give you two reasons for this. One is there's this continued progression of people getting richer and richer ways to share what's on their minds. So if you go back 10 years, most of how people communicated and shared was text. We are going through a period where now it's mostly visual and photos. We are entering into a period where that's going to increasingly be primarily video, and we're seeing huge growth there. But that's not the end of the line. I mean, there's always a richer way that people want to share and consume thoughts and ideas and I think that immersive 3D content is the obvious next thing after video. So if you look at what the initial use cases are going to be around that, I think it's a lot of the stuff that you hear people talking about. Video I think will be huge. So just taking that to be 3D and immersive. Gaming will be huge. And those are both areas that Facebook has been involved with. Once we start to get more of a critical mass, I think you can start to get social applications, which is what we as a company are more interested in over the long term and think have a huge amount of potential in addition to the video and gaming stuff, which I just think is going to be awesome in the next few years as well.
David M. Wehner: Hey, Doug. It's Dave. So just on the question of how Oculus would affect the cost structure, it's premature for us to be giving guidance on the cost structure in 2016. But I think one of the things to recognize here is that we're still early with Oculus. We haven't announced any specific plans as it relates to shipment volumes for the consumer for Rift. But we are still early in the development stage, so it'd be early to be talking about large volume shipments. Obviously, we're investing on the research and development side on Oculus in 2015 and that's factored into our expense guidance for this year.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: On Instagram, we are opening up to more advertisers. I talked about some of our global rollouts in the past quarter. We're also opening up more capabilities, which means more formats, like direct response, more ways to buy, like self-serve. That said, and it's important to understand this, while we think there's a lot of interest and great opportunity, we're going to be really thoughtful and strategic about how we ramp revenue. Instagram remains small relative to Facebook and it's going to really take time to have significant impact on our growth.