
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my questions. I have two. The first one, as you continue to add more Prime Now markets with one to two-hour shipping, can you just talk to some of the logistical challenges that you've already encountered and worked through? And talk to kind of if you really do see one to two-hour shipping become a larger piece of the business over the next year, what's the biggest challenge you have to make sure that you manage? And the second one on the subscription revenue, it looks like subscription revenue growth was strong again, over 50%. Could you just talk to what drove that acceleration? Was it Prime? Or is there something else in there? Thanks.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure. Let me start with your second question on the subscription revenue. It grew 53% year-over-year versus 52% in Q1. So, we continue to see strong Prime membership growth. That is the main thing. There's also – in that line item are also other monthly fees associated with some of our other subscription services like audiobooks, e-books, digital video and digital music. Again, I would say that we're very happy with the Prime membership growth and it has remained pretty consistent both in Q4 and then through Q1 and Q2 of this year. On your second question on Prime Now, so Prime Now is now available in 50 cities across eight countries. We do learn. It's something to do in every city and have different – slightly different shapes and sizes of those buildings and different density profiles. And so we are learning as we go, learn as we grow internationally as well. That is a service that customers love. That's not an inexpensive service, though, and we also have – so we're constantly working on our cost of delivery and our route densities. And again, we like what we see and we'll continue to expand that and we'll be working very hard on making that not only a valuable Prime offering, a Prime benefit, but also a lower-cost operation as well.