
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Keith Eric Weiss: Excellent, very nice quarter, guys, and thank you for taking the question. I wanted to ask a question about LinkedIn and what our expectation should be for achieving revenue synergies on LinkedIn. It seems like there's a lot of really interesting things you can do with that asset in combining it with your own portfolio. And how should we think about the potential for achieving some expense synergies? Obviously, there's a big cloud base that you could utilize under their assets, and Amy, you've always been very good at keeping expenses very well managed. So just as we go forward past the forward quarter, how should we think about the timeframe for achieving those benefits?
Satya Nadella: Yeah. Let me start, and then I'll turn it over to Amy to talk about the specifics of the synergies. The core focus, Keith, for us to start with is to ensure that the innovation roadmap we have is all driving member value. The core ethos of LinkedIn needs be about member-first. How do we increase the engagement on the mobile flagship application as well as the revamped desktop experience that's now rolling out? We think that's at the core of being able to in fact then have all of the revenue – have revenue growth in their business solutions with across higher market sell. So that's how I see it. It's a two-sided market which starts with the health (35:02) of membership and member engagement. And that is where the product roadmap, whether it's the integration with Office 365 or Dynamics 365, we'll be staying focused on it. We expect to see that roll out pretty rapidly. And as far as the guidance we have given at close in terms of what to expect, for example around EPS impact, those are things that we'll stay committed to. And I'll let Amy add more to it.
Amy E. Hood: Yeah, I think Satya is correct. The guidance we gave at the time of the announcement in terms of EPS dilution on – excluding the impact of purchase accounting, being minimally dilutive, 1% plus or minus, stands, including the goal to achieve synergies where they make sense as we continue to focus on growing the core business and keeping it incredibly healthy and realizing the revenue synergies that we know exist across the businesses. As a reminder, the two biggest impacts of purchase accounting, one is it does impact the deferred revenue. So the in-quarter revenue and the guidance will look a bit lower due to that, as well as the amortization of intangible expenses, which will also hit. We'll take care to give you insight into those so that you can continue to hold us against the goals we set for ourselves.
Chris Suh: Thank you, Keith. We'll move to the next question, please, operator.