
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Justin Post with Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you. I guess I'll ask about units, 14% in the quarter, just, how do you feel about the overall unit growth here, given that the growth was higher last year in the 20s and do you think there are some investments you can make in other areas to kind of reaccelerate that going forward? And then secondly, just if you could remind us or help us understand the Prime accounting change impact on subscription revenues in Q4? Thank you.
Brian Olsavsky: Take the subscription first.
Dave Fildes: Yeah. Hey, Justin, this is Dave. Just on the second question on the subscription services, we’d said on the last call, you probably remember, related to the adoption of the accounting standards update and revenue recognition policies that was impacting our results in a number of areas in 2018. We’d said we'd anticipated about 300 million lower sort of headwind to subscription services revenue due to the accounting change. So that's where we came out for the quarter. So you'll see that, we reported subscription services revenue increased 26% when you exclude FX. So the 300 million is certainly part of that decelerate -- the sequential deceleration in the growth rate in that line item.
Brian Olsavsky: Yeah. And on unit deceleration, I think the unit numbers more and more require some interpretation, because it doesn't include the -- some of our fastest growing areas, the things like, as Dave mentioned, subscription services, AWS, advertising, Whole Foods units are not in that number. So we don't focus as much on the number and we direct you more to the supplemental revenue guidance that breaks out the component parts. But in general, we feel good about the growth in the quarter. We think it was a, Q4 in particular was a great quarter for customers that retail, there is a lot of strength in the retail part of the businesses, the teams here had done a great job, planning, preparing and then executing on the quarter. AWS maintained a very strong growth rate and continued to deliver for customers. We had a great Reinvent Conference in the quarter. So we feel good about the growth in the quarter and also the total revenue and income.