
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citi. Please proceed.
Walter Pritchard: Hi. Just a follow up to the question John had on Azure. Amazon released their profitability for the first time on AWS and it was I think higher than most people were expecting. I’m wondering how we should think about your mix of business in Azure? You’re running Linux, you’re running a lot of services based on open source software, you’re also running some of your own IP there. How should we think about where your margins are today and should we think of Amazon’s AWS margins as a good benchmark for where you could be at like sort of scale they’re at today?
Satya Nadella: First of all, I don’t think that of the comparison between Azure and AWS is the true north for me. I think about the Microsoft Cloud because even the way we do capital, the way we measure utilization is all with the complete unit, which is of course all of Office 365 runs on Azure, Azure AD powers all of our Cloud, so it’s really its entirety that we think of as our unique value. So that means we have SaaS which is a huge component between O 365 and Dynamics, PaaS which is a huge component of Azure itself. We see many customers who would use even our PaaS services and even AWS. So we – for example, you can in fact do a single sign-on using EMS and Azure AD in Azure and use – so your resources on AWS. And then of course we have our iOS business. So that’s how we think about it. And then it’s reflected even in our margins. So when we look at our Cloud margins, they will have our revenue quality, which is very different; that’s a combination of past iOS and SaaS. And that’s how we want to make sure we make progress, because that’s where both product value which is unique to us and also the quality of revenue that’s unique to us. But the one other thing that I – see my world view is not that all compute storage networks just goes to one place. That’s why I think of our servers as the edge of our Cloud, and as I said there’s a huge software asset in there which is becoming increasingly competitive. Of course we don’t count that in our run rates or when we talk about our $6 billion plus run rate, that’s just pure public Cloud number and that’s fantastic to see and we want to measure it that way. But quite frankly if you sort of looked at what’s broadly happening in the Cloud transition, we are participating in both the private hybrid Cloud as well as the public Cloud.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Walter.
Walter Pritchard: Amy on OpEx, you have – I guess not necessarily you but the company generally at this time has given some color into the next fiscal year’s OpEx. Is that something we should expect at the Build event with your Analyst Meeting next week? Or any – I’m sure you’re not going to give it to us today but – or right here, but just wanted to figure out expectations around when we should hear about that?
Amy Hood: We’ll continue to talk generally about it. I don’t expect to give specific guidance on FY 2016 next week.
Walter Pritchard: Okay.
Amy Hood: Okay, Walter.
Walter Pritchard: Thank you very much.
Chris Suh: Thanks. We’ll go to the next question, please.