
Operator: The next question is from Anthony DiClemente with Nomura. Your line is open.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks for the questions and good afternoon. It’s for Mark or Sheryl, I’m wondering what is your strategy for professional video content going forward. You talked a lot about video with bringing professional media content to Facebook, accelerate video engagement adoption. And then for Dave just kind of back to the quarter, you don’t break out Instagram revenue or financials. But wondering if the acceleration in the quarter, would you say -- was that driven more so by the step up in Instagram given the opening up of the API, the incremental Instagram ad load or was there a commensurate acceleration in the core of Facebook revenue? Thanks.
Sheryl Sandberg: In terms of video content, newsfeed is as interesting as the quality of the content in it. What we’re seeing is that users are generating a lot of really high quality content, often pretty short form that people are really happy to consume. And we believe that trend will continue because we’re at the very beginning with people really understanding the power of the smartphones and lot of people are walking around with particularly in developed market. We are working with publishers to try to make the content experience better inside of newsfeed. The best example of that is probably news with Instant Articles where we figured out that, it was the slowest upload experience you could have in newsfeed to link off to an outside article. So, we worked with publishers to upload more news articles natively to Facebook and we’re seeing great engagement from that. Similarly, we’ve had conversations with makers of Premium Content, I think they’re excited by the work they already do with us to use Facebook to distribute their content and we’re interested and doing more. It’s probably worth noting that much of the engagement and consumption we have is short form, not long form.
Dave Wehner: Yes, Anthony, it’s Dave. Instagram, we’re certainly very pleased with the performance of Instagram and it certainly made a contribution this quarter. But make no mistake, Facebook, core Facebook is really driving the top-line. And we’re very pleased with the strong performance that we had with Facebook itself in the quarter.