
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Heath Terry: Great. Thank you. I was just wondering if you could give us a sense, the accelerating growth that we saw in the U.S. business in Q1, how much of that or how would you sort of segment that in terms of specific categories? Are there any specific categories that you would call out in terms of driving that? And then, as we look at the like acceleration in the AWS business, any sense that you can give us in terms of what volumes or customer, you specifically call out sort of customer additions in some of your comments, what customer additions have looked like in terms of driving that business, particularly against sort of the comp against last year's price cuts?
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure. So first, with the – you've mentioned North America revenue growth, and you can calculate that with and without the impact of Whole Foods, I'm sure. But the general drivers continues to be Prime and the Prime flywheel. So we see strong customer demand, not only for the benefits that we associate with Prime, we're seeing better engagement with Prime benefits, especially digital benefits, and that is always good news for eventual sales of other things. We're also selling more subscriptions, Amazon Music Unlimited, multiple Kindle Unlimited, there's a number of services. So there's different revenue streams that we see. So, not much more I can add by product line to North America. And I talk about AWS revenue, again, we're – we are accelerating. We've accelerated for the last two quarters. The FX-neutral growth was 48% in Q1, up from 44% on the same basis in Q4 and 42% in Q3. And now nearly a $22 billion run rate. So what we're saying is just continued strong usage both by existing customers and signing new customers for – see increased pace of enterprise migrations as customers are having success with AWS and increasingly trying new services. We are seeing people move more and more of their workflows to AWS and at a faster pace. And customers are moving databases to AWS as Aurora continues to grow at a very rapid clip. So stepping back, I would say, what is driving the growth, we believe, again, it's the value that we create for AWS customers. We have the functionality and pace of innovation that others don't. We have partner and ecosystem that others don't. And we have proven operational capability and security expertise that's highly valued to the AWS customer base.