
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. Brian Nowak, your line is open. Your next question comes from the line of John Blackledge with Cowen.
John Blackledge: Great. Thanks. Two questions. First, you posted another strong quarter for ad growth. Just wondering given the recent events, has there been any change in kind of advertisers' views about the platform, or concerns about ROI going forward? And then second on video, was there much investment in video content in the first quarter, or do you expect the bulk of the video content spend to hit kind of through the rest of the year, and what types of content will you be investing in?
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: To the first, in the immediate days of the concern, we heard from a handful of advertisers who paused spend, one of whom has already come back, and we haven't seen a meaningful trend or anything much since then. Advertisers ask the same questions as people are, that they want to make sure their and their customers' data is protected, and I think we are able to answer those questions in a compelling way. In terms of ROI on the platform, the ROI is really determined by the ability of advertisers to put the right ad in front of the right person in the right format. And I think we're seeing impressive growth in all of those areas. We have more advertisers using the ability to target their ads to the right person. We have more advertisers experimenting with different formats. Stories on Instagram are a very promising one, and we're seeing some nice experimentation there. And we have more advertisers really embracing the measurement that helps close the loop and helps make their ads more effective. So I think in terms of the ROI we are able to offer our marketers, the signs are strong, and we also continue to see there's a lot of room for improvement.
David M. Wehner: Yeah, John, on the video investment in the first quarter, it's clearly going to be more weighted towards the rest of the year, but we're already seeing the impact of some of that. So if you look at just the cost of revenue line where that's getting picked up, we saw cost of revenue grow 66% year-over-year. If you look at the gross margin, it dropped from 86% to 84%. There's really two kind main – two big factors in that compression there. One of those is the video content investment. The other is the move to gross versus net accounting on the Instant Articles product. So those are the two things that I'd point to as being drivers of that margin compression getting picked up in cost of revenue. So video is having an impact, but we grew expenses 39% year-over-year in the first quarter. We're obviously expecting faster growth in the back half – back three quarters of the year, so that's – video's going to be a component in driving that.