
Operator: And that question will come from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Kathryn Lynn Huberty: Yes, thanks. Good afternoon. Luca, first question for you, gross margin guidance is strong, but it did tick down from your June quarter guidance, and you also narrowed the range to 50 basis points. I wonder if you can just address. What is the driver of the sequential downtick, and what gives you confidence that you have more visibility than you did three months ago?
Luca Maestri: Katy, sequentially from 38.5% that we just reported, typically we have product transition costs during the September quarter. That's the primary driver. This happens fairly regularly for us. We also have a more difficult memory pricing environment this year than a year ago. And we think that we're going to be able to partially offset this with the positive leverage. As you've seen, we guided up sequentially in revenue. So those are the major puts and takes. In terms of the range that we use for gross margins, we have a fairly good understanding on where we are with our hedging program, and that allows us to mitigate some of the volatility there. So we felt we could guide to a slightly narrower range, which we've done occasionally in the past.
Kathryn Lynn Huberty: Thank you, and maybe a question for both Tim and Luca. As you outlined on this call and at the Developer Conference in June, there is an unprecedented number of products that either ramped volume or launched in the back half of this year. So appreciating you only formally guide a quarter out, I wonder if there's any qualitative commentary you can provide to help us think about the back half of this calendar year and how all those new products that come into the model could impact either revenue seasonality versus past years or could impact just the costs associated with ramping that many products all at once. Thanks.
Timothy Donald Cook: Katy, as Luca mentioned, we did assume some transitional costs in our guidance for the quarter, as is typically the case. And we're looking very much forward to the product rollouts.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Katy. Could we have the next question, please?