
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Douglas Anmuth from JPMorgan.
Douglas T. Anmuth: Thanks for taking the question, one for Mark and then perhaps one for Sheryl or Dave. Mark, first just on the video strategy, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about how that's evolving in terms of the type of content that you're licensing and featuring within the Facebook Video tab, and then if you have any more clarity just on how the economics are going to work there around revenue share and gross margins. And then on ad revenue, the U.S. and Canada was very strong at 47% growth, but at the same time it also did decel a little bit more than we've seen in recent quarters. I was just wondering if there was anything else to call out there. Thank you.
David M. Wehner: Yes. Doug, why don't I take the decel question on the U.S. and Canada? I don't think there was anything particularly surprising about the deceleration in the growth in the U.S. and Canada. We've been talking about expecting a deceleration in ad revenue growth, and we saw that play out in the U.S. and Canada modestly. Obviously, we were particularly pleased that there was really strong demand that benefited regions like APAC and rest-of-world, so really broad-based strength in APAC. And then rest-of-world, we saw a rebound in Latin America, especially Brazil, so we're seeing some particular strength there. So I think that I think was a big highlight. On the content front, we're looking at investing in kick-starting an ecosystem for longer-form content on Facebook, and that involves us working with content providers to develop that content. In the long run, we expect to see a revenue share model on the platform. And obviously, we're going to be in an area where we're sharing revenue with content providers, so it's going to have a different margin profile than core Facebook News Feed from an expense profile perspective.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: I think you pretty much got that.
David M. Wehner: Okay.