
Operator: Thank you. . Our first question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with UBS. Please proceed.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much for taking the question. I wanted to know if I could go a little bit deeper in the framework you gave around revenue guidance for Q4.  Historically, you have seen deceleration in the year-on-year growth rate in Q4 versus Q3, but many of your businesses look like they reaccelerated in Q3 over Q2. So just wanted to know whether it was AWS or advertising or some of the things in e-commerce business, whether there are things we should be keeping in front of mind from a headwind or a tailwind perspective, as we think through some of the moving pieces in Q4? Thanks so much.
Brian Olsavsky: Sure. Hi, Eric. Yes, let me make clear, we are really excited and looking forward to a great holiday season. We feel like we had a great Q3 as well and have made rapid progress on our One Day shipping. The ops team has done a great job getting us to a position where we are in and I think that’s going to be a great additional service for customers in Q4.  On the guidance front, here’s what I would have you keep in mind. If you look back over the last few years and adjust for the acquisition of Whole Foods and Soup, which obscured this a bit in the last couple of years.  There has been a noticeable drop in run rate, between Q3 and Q4 generally on the lines of about 300 basis points. We are factoring that in this year, that’s just something we’re expecting. It’s a bit about the law of large numbers and the differential between growth and holiday season, that’s very tight few weeks of the holiday season versus the rest of the year.  So we factor that in, and then there’s also two other issues. The Diwali holiday in India was all in Q4 last year and a bit of it was in Q3 this year. Also the Japan consumption tax was raised from 8% to 10% on October 1, and what we saw was a pre-buy a bit in Q3 at the end of the quarter, and based on our history with the last time the consumption tax went up many years ago, we’ve expected a slight negative impact from that tax in Q4 in Japan.  So if you wrap those together, we expect it’s going to be more of an issue with our international growth rate. I would say it has helped us by 150 basis points in Q3, and will be a negative headwind of 300 basis points year-over-year in Q4.  For the company, it’s not as large an issue. There is about 40 basis points of favorability in Q3 and it’s expected to be about 80 basis point headwind in Q4. So that’s a little bit more on our guidance, but again we are really looking forward to Q4.  I think we’re well positioned to make it the best holiday ever for our customers. I think One Day should help with holiday shipping. We’ve got a great new device lineup you may have seen announced in September and on the AWS side, we’re looking forward to our re:Invent Conference in Las Vegas, where we welcome over 65,000 conference attendees.