
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson with MoffettNathanson.
Michael Nathanson: Thanks. I have one for Mark on news trustworthiness and then group on sports. So Mark, I realize you're taking great pains not to play the role of the news editor on your platform. You're asking users about trustworthiness, but I wonder does that pick up biases in our own stores of what we believe to be trustworthy and how do you get past that? And then would it make sense just simply you play the role of pipelining a new News Feed, maybe its own tab with news that we all believe – we believe to be trustworthy. So at some point you take a more active role in identifying the news that your platform believes to be real news and maybe create a new tab that ways. Is that ever something in your thinking?
Mark Zuckerberg: The value that we care about here is helping to build common ground. Right and helping to do our part to fight off news and polarization. So what we're doing. With this specific change which is one of a number of News Feed changes that are geared at improving the quality and trustworthiness of news on Facebook. What we basically ask people we don't want to assess by ourselves which sources are trustworthy. I think that's not a situation that our position that we're comfortable with ourselves. And I don't think personally that that's something that our community or our society wants us to do. So for all of the feedbacks that we get that we should take more of a view on that, I actually – I don't believe that that is the right thing broadly. What we try to do is get our community to tell us what matters to them, because we believe that we can get an accurate signal from the community then – people are smart. They know what they want and what's good and they can tell us that, if we can ask them in a simple enough way and get aggregate data. So what we're doing here is we basically are just asking people, if they're familiar with news sources and whether they trust them. And the effect of that is that it basically normalizes for – there are going to be people who read a given news source, who will probably trust it because they read it. But the question is that the people who don't read it, who are still familiar with it, do they think it's trustworthy, and that's the example that I gave before the Wall Street Journal or New York Times. A lot of people read those, a lot of people don't, but the people who don't still think that they're high quality journalism in general. And that's not true for a lot of the other stuff that's out there. And we've found that that's the reliable signal of content that helps to build common ground that is unlikely to be polarizing, that is unlikely to be false news, and what we're doing is helping to show that a little bit more. Again, we're not going to tell you that you can't share other stuff, right. You can share it on the platform. People can go to your profile. But in News Feed, we're going to just show that a little bit more to do what we view as our role is helping to build common ground, encounter some of these other forces in the world.
Michael Nathanson: Okay.
Sheryl Sandberg: On this sports answer, sports is one of the ways that people get together on Facebook and build community. We're excited to bring the UEFA Champions League Soccer and College Basketball to Facebook, and we're going to continue to experiment with developing many different forms of content for Facebook.