
Operator: The next question will come from Krish Sankar with Cowen & Company.
Krish Sankar: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I have two of them. First one, on the iPhone trade-in program, how effective was it and what percentage of the iPhone sales came from the trade-ins and are there any other geographies where you are left to rule it out? Then, I have a follow-up.
Tim Cook: Hi, it's Tim. In retail, it was quite successful. We got going in a larger way during that quarter, we were pretty much just ramping in the previous quarter. And trade-in as a percentage of their total sales is significant and financing is a key element of it. Those two things in the aggregate led the combination of retail and online, just short form that is retail Apple Store let to growth in June trajectory. We are obviously taking those programs and advocating those more widely and that is at different levels of implementation throughout different geographies. Because we're working with our carrier partners on those and retail partners.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Got it. That's pretty helpful, Tim. And then, a follow-up for you, a much longer-term question. I understand we're in the very early innings of the services growth story. Is there a way to think about it down the road, 3 or 5 years down the road, would the services growth still be tethered to the hardware of the iPhone, or do you think at some point down the road services would be independent by itself and not really tied to your hardware installed base?
Tim Cook: Well, there are elements today that are not necessarily tethered to iPhone, right? We have other products where people are both purchasing things, they're watching Apple TV. We offer Apple Music on Android, and so there's a series of things that are outside of that. And so we'll see what we do in the future. I don't want to really get into that.But, more broadly, to answer your question about growth as we go forward, the way I see it is, we have the strongest hardware portfolio ever, we've got new products on the way, the pipeline is full of great new stuff both on the product and the services side. We're very fortunate and work very hard to have loyal customers and to continue attracting an impressive number of switchers. The installed base is growing, hit a new record, that's obviously good. And it hit a new record across all geographies and across all categories. And so, this is a really good thing.And we've got the Wearables area that is doing extremely well. We stuck with that when others perhaps didn't and really put a lot of energy into this and a lot of R&D and are in a very good position today to keep playing out what's next there.At the same time, on the market side, we have emerging markets where we have low penetration. And during the quarter tactically the emerging markets had a bit of a rebound. And in fact, on a constant currency basis, we actually grew slightly in emerging markets. We still declined on a reported basis. India bounced back. During the quarter, we returned to growth there. We're very happy with that. We grew in Brazil as well.We're also continuing to focus on the enterprise market. Luca mentioned some of this in his comments and we think that continues to be a big opportunity for us. And then, we've got lots of what I would call core technology kinds of things like augmented reality, where we're placing big bets and bet that we have a big future, in addition to the health kinds of things that may fall out of the watch. And so hopefully that kind of gives you a view over the total.And so, we're focusing on products and services and there will be some services that aren't hooked and some that are hooked not on current period sales mostly, very much services are rarely connected on that today or at least not a high percentage by any means there. They're more correlated to the active installed base and also the level of transacting customers that are there and the amount per customer, which relates also to the offering that we have.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Krish. Could we have the next question, please?