
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rick Sherlund with Nomura. Please proceed.
Rick Sherlund: Thank you. Satya, you mentioned, a year ago, that we’re going to see a next generation of personal productivity software. I wonder if you could update us on what that means. And when we might see that as just an extension of Office 365? Or how do we monetize those products? And when will we hear more about them? And Amy, we didn’t see any tech guarantees in the quarter for the upcoming Windows 10 launch, and we also haven’t heard anything more about changes in accounting for Windows 10, given that there’s going to be a big undelivered element there. Is that something we should expect to hear more about next week?
Satya Nadella: Sure. Let me start. Thanks, Rick. What I think about even just my own day-to-day usage of Office, even in the last year, it’s gone through a drastic amount of change. Of course, I use Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook, on a daily basis. But if I think about all the tools that I’m using, which is all part of Office 365, today, on a daily basis and multiple times a day I start my day as I talked about in many conferences with Dell which is a tool I love which is in fact something that’s uniquely possible because of the shift to Office 365 where we can take organizational data and breakthrough all the boundaries or, again, in silos inside an organization and have people discover information. It’s the richest way for me to visualize what’s happening at Microsoft in real time. That news feed for me is kind of the lifeblood of Microsoft. I use Power BI . One of the things that we talked a lot about is usage. In fact, one of the cultural changes inside the company is everyone from the frontline engineer to the frontline salesperson is responsible for usage. And given that, we want to have these leading indicators showing up in our dashboard not are static reports and Power BI is this rich canvas for us to be able to, one, visualize data as well as ask natural language questions. I look at my own usage of one note in Surface. That’s gone through a fee change both because of the hardware innovation, innovation in Windows, innovation in Office. I look at something like Sway which I’m pretty excited about because basically we’re taking the concept of what is an interactive document and the website and bringing it all together into these Sway documents if you well and if you’re excited about what that could mean in customer service marketing or for school reports. So that’s – we are well into it so that is not going to be waiting for some future date to release anything that’s new, but we’re well on our way with all of these tools and they’re available today and we’ll of course be iterating continuously.
Amy Hood: And, Rick, on your other two questions specific to the tech guarantee that you would think about the time of year, due to the specific nature of the offer we have on Windows 10, there won’t be a tech guarantee as you think about it for this upgrade cycle and there’s disclosure in fact, in our revenue recognition section in the 10-Q that talks about that specifically. When we talk about the accounting for Windows 10, I will touch on that next week but as we get closer to the launch we’ll go into more specifics. And I’m so excited about the space. I don’t want to miss this one other big scenario which is Cortana , that’s perhaps the thing that’s going to change personal productivity even most and especially with Windows 10 and how Cortana comes to Windows, both to the browser as well as to the start, I think it completely change what personal productivity software mean from a day-to-day experience as well.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Rick. Next question, please.