
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post: Thank you. A couple of questions here. We followed this coming for a long time and profits seem to move around quite a bit year-over-year and year against year. And just wondering how you think about that? Is that just the nature of your big bets and that's just going to continue or is there a way to kind of smooth that out? And then secondly, in AWS it does seem like pricing competition has come down and we've been to a lot of your events and it seems like you're emphasizing pricing a little less to your customers. Can you talk at all about the pricing environment in cloud? Thank you.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure, let me start with that second question. So, as Phil mentioned, we are seeing continued increases in usage, both sequentially and year-over-year. We are also seeing a great efficiency in the business on a cost basis. Innovation is accelerating, not decelerating. We had over 350 significant new features and services and we believe that's what resonates with customers. While pricing is certainly a factor we don't believe it's always the primary factor; in fact what we hear from our customers is that the ability to move faster and more agiley is what they value. I'm sorry the first party your question was?
Justin Post: I was asking about just how the profitability kind of really moves pretty big swings year-over-year? Is that the nature of your just big bets and that can continue or is there a way to kind of smooth that out going forward? How do you think about that?
Brian T. Olsavsky: Yes sure. Well here's how I think about it. We have two things, at least two things going on. We are continuing to drive operational improvement in every business that we are in, but we are also investing in large opportunities that are in front of us, particularly in Marketplace Prime and AWS. If you saw our shareholder letter this year, I think Jeff Bezos put it really well. He said we're going to look for things that are important to customers, customers love them, businesses that can grow to be a large size that can generate a high return on invested capital and are durable and can last for decades. So we will continue to invest in the businesses we think fit that profile and we're always looking for a fourth or fifth business that fits that profile. So as far as lumpiness, admittedly it is lumpy and we will continue to work on both those tracks going forward.
Justin Post: Thank you.