
Operator: The next question is from Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Douglas T. Anmuth: Thank you for taking the question. One for Mark and then one for Dave. Mark, you recently spent time in China and India. And I was hoping to get some of your key takeaways both in terms of Internet.org and then also about Facebook's potential in China. And then secondly, Dave, I was hoping to get some early thoughts on OpEx for 2016, at least perhaps qualitatively, if you could walk us through some of the puts and takes for next year, Oculus in particular. Thanks.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: Sure. I can start off with the India and China question. So they are very different situations. So India is a unique country where there are 1.25 billion people, more than 1 billion of them are not on the Internet. So it is the country in the world that benefits the most from connectivity. And there's a lot of research that we've seen and reports that third parties have put out that show, that when you connect to place like India, it makes a very big difference socially and for the economy there. A lot of us here, everyone we know is on the internet and we think about the internet as entertainment and basic communication but if you don't have access to a good school, then getting basic Internet access could be your best educational information or if you don't have access to a good doctor, then getting access to the Internet could be the only way that you can learn about how to avoid certain diseases or how to raise your kids and help them avoid certain diseases and find jobs and a lot of stuff. So what we find through the research is that for every 10 people who get connected to the Internet, just a little less than or right around one person gets lifted out of poverty and one new job gets created. So we're very focused on this. It's a huge priority for the Indian government and anything that we can do to help there, we think is very good for the world and we're invested in that, and we're happy to support. So in Internet.org in India now, there are already more than 1 million people who now have access to the Internet who didn't otherwise because of our efforts, so we're proud of that but obviously that's still very early on. We're only working with one operator currently in part of the country. So there's a lot of room to expand that and that's just a big opportunity for the Internet overall and for India over the next decade and we hope to play a role in that. On China, that is a more complex situation. Obviously, you can't have a mission of wanting to connect everyone in the world and leave out the biggest country. So over the long-term, that is a situation that we will need to try to figure out a way forward on. For now, the thing that I would leave you with is that people think that Facebook isn't in China at all and that's actually not true. Our consumer service isn't active there, but it actually is already one of the biggest advertising markets that we have. Because there are a lot of really big and important Chinese companies who sell a lot of products to people outside of China, and they use Facebook as one of their primary tools in a lot of cases to spread information about what they're doing and grow their customer base. So we're happy to do whatever we can to help develop the economies in both of those countries and they're both long-term efforts for us.
David M. Wehner: Doug, on your question on 2016, we're not going to obviously give specific guidance at this time, that'll be coming with our Q4 call. But we're focused on continuing to invest heavily in the business across our near, mid and long-term opportunities and we see a bunch of great opportunities to invest there. So in the near term, we're focused on growing the community and executing on our existing business. In the medium-term, we're focused on those next generation of services, Instagram, Messenger and WhatsApp. And in the long-term, we've got the investments we're making and things like artificial intelligence, VR, and obviously the Internet.org efforts that Mark just spoke about. Specifically with regards to Oculus and how that could impact the plan for next year, we're, as Mark said, very bullish about the long-term opportunity for VR and excited about the launch for the Rift next year. But VR is still very much in the development stage. So it would be early to be talking about large shipment volumes.