
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Daniel Ives with FBR Capital.
Daniel H. Ives: Thanks, just one last one just on M&A. Maybe you could just talk through the change in the strategy. Obviously, given what's happened with the Nokia write-down, the security acquisition going to Pivotal-Cisco year, how you're thinking about M&A in the scheme of everything, especially as you guys have been pretty tight on cost controls and everything else. Thanks.
Satya Nadella: Overall, again, the way I look at it is, first of all I'm most focused on obviously our organic growth. And in there, Amy alluded to this. We've made significant changes in how we've allocated our own organic dollars, both in R&D as well as in sales and marketing. And we'll continue to do that because I think there are significant new opportunities for us to go after, and that will require us to reallocate aggressively, and that to me is core. But beyond that, we will look at inorganic means. When I look at all the acquisitions that we have made over the course of last year and our OpEx guidance for next year shows how disciplined we are in bringing new talent in, be it in R&D, be it in sales and marketing. So we are not afraid to bring in new capability, but then also questioning what is the allocation we have. Of course, we have done smaller acquisitions, but they add up. They're pretty significant when you add up all the things that we have done in the Office 365 space, all of the things that we have done in the Azure space. So we'll continue to do that. And if anything comes up in M&A which allows us to pursue our strategic vision that we will need to even allocate more to on an OpEx basis, post-acquisition we will look at that. So I won't shy away from it because what's important to us is growth in areas where we have something unique to contribute and long-term profitability.
Daniel H. Ives: Thank you.
Chris Suh: That wraps up the Q&A portion of today's earnings call. We look forward to seeing many of you in the coming months at various investor conferences. For those unable to attend in person, these events will generally be webcast, and you can follow our comments at the Microsoft.com/investor website. Please contact us if you need any additional details, and thank you for joining us today.