
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my questions. I have two. Just on Whole Foods again, I was wondering could you talk about one or two of the biggest surprises you've seen so far? And then maybe just the strategic opportunities you see of having a brick-and-mortar presence as you look to continue to grow your overall business. And the second one, on the subscription revenue, you accelerated to 59%. Could you just talk about which countries or which regions are driving that? And maybe talk a little bit about the growth or the cadence of what's happening in the U.S., your oldest market? Thanks.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure. On Whole Foods, I would say it is early. August 28 was the close date and what I can tell you is I have been in meetings with John Mackey and his team, and they are very like-minded with us, customer-obsessed, ready to work together to continue their mission and expand on their offerings that we can offer customers. The other things I mentioned, price reductions early on, selling their products on Amazon.com and also installing Amazon Lockers. I think over time, you'll see more cooperation and working together between AmazonFresh, Prime Now, and Whole Foods as we can explore different ways to serve the customer. So, that's kind of the early report on Whole Foods. So far so good, and we're thrilled to finally be working together after the summer of closing the deal. On subscription revenue, let me just remember your question there. We had essentially 59% growth, as you said, 600 basis points higher than Q2. In this line item, is certainly the fees associated with Amazon Prime and also it's where a lot of our subscription services for digital music, digital video, audiobooks, e-books, so there's some moving parts in there. The growth in Prime has been fairly consistent over the last recent quarters in Prime memberships, and as I said, we had the largest new sign-ups on Prime Day for the Prime program. The monthly program is gaining traction and is an attractive option for a lot of people. And again, on the other subscription services, music especially, it works just so well with our Echo device that we're seeing a lot of growth in that area as we increase the number of Echo devices and customers using the Echo devices.