
Operator: At this time, we will now open the call up for questions. Our first question comes from the line of Justin Post from Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you. I guess, the standout metric of the quarter was the profitability and the margins. Both U.S. and International have improved year-over-year. Could you talk about (03:04) was it better than your expectations for the quarter? And then maybe reasons for the ad business to accelerate within the other line? Thank you.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure, yeah. Thanks, Justin. Yeah, for the quarter, so it was a strong quarter. We had – what I attribute it to is continued strength in our – some of our most profitable areas. AWS had its third consecutive quarter of accelerating growth, 49% FX-neutral growth. Advertising also had strong growth. Elsewhere we saw probably better than expected efficiencies in operations, our infrastructure costs, and generally all of our fixed costs. You'll note that in the first half of the year capital leases were flat year-over-year, although we're up 20% for the full trailing 12 months, in the last 6 months it's been pretty flat as the team has really worked well to plan our data centers run our data centers more efficiently, even to meet again increasing usage at our customers; usage rates are exceeding our growth rate. So that's what I would point to. Internationally, a lot of the same factors hold. I would say that, in addition to the operating efficiencies, advertising is also starting to make an impact on gross profit, although advertising is smaller in International segment than it's in North America, it's growing at a same rapid clip year-over-year. Even while in International, we're continuing to invest in a lot of areas, we continue to frontload Prime benefits for the newer geographies, we continue to launch new countries as we launch Prime in Australia recently. We've launched devices in multiple countries, Echo and Alexa were launched in France. Echo Spot was launched in India and Japan in the last quarter. So continued – it's a mix of operating efficiencies as we grow, and then also continuing to invest on a lot of fronts.