
Operator: From Piper Jaffray, we'll hear from Gene Munster.
Eugene Charles Munster: Good afternoon. Tim, could you talk a little bit about the iPhone ASP trends? And specifically, you mentioned that the iPhone SE is going to impact it. But how are you thinking about the aspirational market share that's out there and your actual market share and using price to close that gap? Is it just the iPhone SE, or could there be other iPhone models that will be discounted to try to be more aggressive in emerging markets? And one for Luca, can you talk a little bit about the Services segment in terms of what piece of the services is driving growth, and maybe a little bit about the profitability on a net basis versus a gross basis that you've referred to in the past? Thanks.
Timothy Donald Cook: Gene, I think the iPhone SE is attracting two types of customers. One is customers that wanted the latest technology but wanted it in a more compact package, and we clearly see even more people than we thought in that category. And then secondly, it's attracting people who aspire to own an iPhone but couldn't quite stretch to the entry price of the iPhone, and we've established a new entry. And so I think both of these markets are very, very important to us, and we're really excited about where it can take us. I do think that we will be really happy with the new-to-iPhone customers that we see from here because of the early returns we've had. We are currently supply constrained, but we'll be able to work our way out of this at some point. But it's great to see the overwhelming demand for it. I'll let Luca comment on the ASPs.
Luca Maestri: So on the ASPs, Gene, we mentioned that we're going to be down sequentially. And this is really the combination of two factors when we go from the March quarter to the June quarter. It's the fact that we are having the iPhone SE entering the mix, and that obviously is going to have a downward pressure on ASP. And also this channel inventory reduction that we've talked about, obviously the channel inventory reduction will come from higher-end models, and that is also affecting the sequential trend on ASPs. The question on Services, when we look at our Services business, it's obviously growing very well across the board. The biggest element and the part of the Services business that is growing very well, we mentioned 35%, is the App Store. It's interesting for us that our Music business, which had been declining for a number of quarters, now that we have both a download model and a streaming model, we have now hit an inflection point. And we really believe that this will be the bottom and we can start growing from there over time. We have many other Services businesses that are doing very well. We have an iCloud business that is growing very quickly, faster than the App Store from a much lower base, but I think it's important for us as we continue to develop these businesses. Tim has talked about Apple Pay. It doesn't provide a meaningful financial contribution at this point, but as we look at the amount of transactions that are going through Apple Pay right now and we think ahead for the long term, that could be an interesting business for us as well. From a profitability standpoint, we had mentioned last time that when you look at it on a gross basis, so in terms of purchase value of these services, the profitability of the business is similar to company average. Of course, when you net out the amount that is paid to developers and you look at it in terms of what is reported in our P&L, obviously that business has a profitability that is higher than company average. We don't get into the specifics of specific products or services, but it's very clear it's significantly higher than company average.
Eugene Charles Munster: Thank you.
Nancy Paxton: Thanks, Gene. Can we have the next question, please?