
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Heather Bellini: Great, thank you very much. Amy, you noted a material improvement in Azure gross margins this quarter. I was just wondering if you could share with us. I guess given how quickly revenue is growing in this area, how fast can we see margins ramp, which obviously were negative? And now that you're getting to some big revenue numbers, is there any reason why at a similar revenue scale you shouldn't be able to match the gross margins of what AWS, what you can back into from the financials of AWS? Can you walk us through the puts and takes? And then once you hit that scale point, is it something that we should see inflect pretty quickly? Thank you.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks, Heather. Let me start by saying we really do think about and talk about our cloud as containing all of the components, from the IaaS layer to the platform layer to the SaaS layer. You'll hear us talk about Dynamics 365, Office 365, as well as our Azure core and premium services. And so when I think about the material gross margin improvement we saw in Azure, it continues the path we've actually been on where we've been discussing, as you continue to see customers ask for us and our help in managing their digital estate, consistently, securely through one interface, you'll actually see growth across all components of that cloud. It benefits margin, not just in Azure but across actually the entirety of the cloud. That 2-point year-over-year increase in the commercial cloud gross margin really, even with the massive growth in Azure over the course of the year, certainly implies the improvement that we expected. But I tend to think you will consistently hear both Satya and I refer to our cloud in its entirety. But I do respect people always wonder, so I did comment that we saw material improvement in Azure specifically.
Heather Bellini: Great, thank you.
Chris Suh: Thank you. Thanks, Heather. We'll take the next call, please.