
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Mahaney: Thanks. Two questions please. European advertising revenue growth or your ad revenue growth in Europe accelerated, is that just currency or anything else you would call out there? And then you talked about progress in moving away from kind of demand or creation towards demand fulfillment or including demand fulfillment. And I was wondering if you could give any more examples of that? And Sheryl, two years ago or so you mentioned Booking.com being on the platform. I still think those OTAs, based on our work, are still doing like 10x as much spend on Google. So there's a real opportunity versus Facebook. Are there other examples or any other evidence you can show or talk about that that companies are really finding the ability to do demand fulfillment on Facebook and what's caused that to change? Thanks a lot.
David Wehner: Let me just quickly hit on the constant currency question I think you had at the beginning Mark. The acceleration we saw from Q3 to Q4 was currency for Europe, but Europe continues to grow at a very healthy pace on a constant currency basis, so we're very pleased with the results both in constant currency terms and nominal terms. And then Sheryl.
Sheryl Sandberg: So to take the first question, the EU, the strength in Europe was driven by SMBs. We grew across the board with large companies too, but SMBs were really important for this. There are 18 million small businesses on Facebook in Europe, and I had a chance to meet a lot of them on my trip. But to mention just one which shows the point, a couple named Linda and Marius started a company called iELM. They’re a kids clothing retailer. They started in Sweden on Facebook. She was selling clothes in her living room and selling them. Facebook is driving about half their sales. They then opened a factory in Romania and moved back to Romania, where they're now employing 100 people and they're shipping across Sweden, Romania, Germany, and Austria. There's still a small business at 100 people, but they are a growing business and showing the power of how our work with SMBs is growing jobs. You're asking also for an example of a demand generation going all the way down to demand fulfillment. Here's another one from Europe. Gymshark is a fitness clothing brand based in the UK. They ran Facebook video ads and Instagram Story ads for their Black Friday Campaign and then they target with a look a like people who had previously purchased and custom audiences that people who started, but then complete the purchase. And they saw 9.3 times return of investment over the two week holiday period. What happens on our platform is often that people will start out during demand generation and then use the repeat opportunity to show people ads, moving down the funnel to demand fulfillment. If you use our targeting tools well, you can actually start out with demand fulfillment. So some of these examples I've shared on this call from holiday end to Gymshark are about people using the targeting tools to find the people who are interested in the products and then you can get closer and down the funnel to demand fulfillment.