
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney from RBC.
Mark Mahaney: Great, thanks. First, I think it's a great move to go all-in GAAP in terms of reporting. Second, David, when you talked about the ads, your ad load commentary, I couldn't tell if there was a subtle shift there when you were saying that the ad load pressure would occur after the end of the year rather than in the second half of the year. And then third, this is for Sheryl and Mark. The recent stories about gender bias amongst engineers at Facebook, and I know you quickly responded to that and said if there were anything, there may be a rank bias, but in my mind it creates the opportunity potentially for Facebook to better tap into what is probably underappreciated female engineering talent in the Valley and across technology. How do you think about that as an opportunity for the company? Thank you.
David M. Wehner: I'll just real quickly address the ad load issue, Mark. Sorry if it wasn't clear, really no change in outlook there. We continue to expect that we'll see deceleration in ad revenue growth. And that's going to be particularly pronounced as we get into the second half of 2017 because ad load will be a less significant factor driving growth starting in the second half.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: On the issue you raised with the Facebook female engineers, I'm really glad to have a chance to address this because this is an issue I take very seriously. On the specific report on this study, the study was conducted by a former employee with very incomplete data. When that study was shared with people internally, and we have that culture where people do studies and share things, and we're really glad because that helps surface issues, we immediately conducted our own research using the full data. And what we found is that the main reason code was sent back at different rates was not correlated with gender. It was correlated with level, and the fact that we have more male senior engineers was explaining it. If you compared male and female engineers at the same level, there was not this discrepancy. Then that leads to the obvious question is are you promoting men and women at the same rate and the broader question of are you paying men and women fairly. And we do a comprehensive look at that every single promotion and pay and performance cycle we have, which is six months. And we know that we're promoting men and women at the same rate as men. Now that said, our industry still has issues and we still have issues. We don't have enough senior female engineers. We don't have enough women going into computer science, and we take this very seriously, from the work we've done with LinkedIn to get CS&E Lean In circles all over college campuses, to encourage more women and under-represented minorities to come into our field. We've had a really nice program in extra internships where we're taking people who are not yet majoring in computer science but we think have the ability, and teaching them for a summer and seeing them return, to the work we're doing with our female engineers to make sure that all forms of bias are surfaced and eliminated. And we can continue to use the full talents of the population. Nothing is more important to us.