
Operator: First we'll hear from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Kathryn Lynn Huberty: Thank you. Congrats on the quarter. Luca, when do you expect to catch up with iPhone X demand? And given it's likely to be not in the December quarter, should we think about March as a better than seasonal revenue quarter because of that iPhone X ramp? And then I have a follow-up.
Timothy D. Cook: I'll take that, Katy. It's Tim. The ramp for iPhone X is going well, especially considering that iPhone X is the most advanced iPhone we've ever created and it has lots of new technologies in it. And so we're really happy that we were able to increase week by week what we're outputting and we're going to get as many of them as possible to the customers as soon as possible. I can't predict, at this point, when that balance will happen. And in terms of March, we obviously don't give guidance beyond the current quarter.
Kathryn Lynn Huberty: Okay. And then China growth returned to strong double digits, 12% up. You've talked historically about that region being more sensitive than others to form factor changes and the new iPhone X form factor was not available in September. And so should we assume that growth in that region only accelerates from here as that new product gets pushed into the market.
Timothy D. Cook: Let me talk a little bit about Q4 in China to give you a little bit of color on the results. We increased market share for iPhone, Mac and iPad during the quarter. We hit all-time revenue records for Services and for Mac for the PRC during the quarter. We've had very strong iPad revenue growth. We had double digit unit growth in iPhone and both the upgraders and Android switchers were both up on a year over year basis during the quarter, and so the results were broad based. They were pretty much across the board, as I indicated. The other thing that's happened is that the decline that we've been experiencing in Hong Kong moderated. And so it's still down year over year but less so than it was and part of that is the compare is an easier compare. And then finally, in terms of another headwind that is a little less than it was, currency has been affecting us more significantly. Last quarter in China, it affected us 1 percentage point. And so the sum of all that, I feel great about the results. We don't obviously provide geographic-specific guidance but you can see from our overall guidance, we think we're going to have a really strong quarter.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Katy. Could we have the next question, please?