
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross Sandler with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Ross Sandler: Hey, guys. Two questions. There's been some news flow recently about Brazil expansion. Can you just talk about how Brazil compares to maybe some of the other international markets that you're investing in? What level of investment should we expect in Brazil maybe relative to like in Australia or in India? And then a follow-up on the Whole Foods, so do you feel like the store footprint at 460 odd scores is adequate? Or any color on plans to expand either the Whole Foods store footprint or the Amazon Books stores or those other ones you mentioned? Thank you.
Dave Fildes: Yeah, Ross. Thanks for the question. This is Dave. On Brazil, just briefly, yeah we did recently expand and add an electronics category there in Brazil. It's a third-party marketplace offering. You may recall we've been in Brazil for a number of years now, initially launched with really a Kindle and e-books offering without the sort of physical categories and, more recently, added physical books again, a third-party marketplace offering. So, I think, we're excited about the electronics getting out there. There is a wide variety of products included in that category: smartphones, tablets, cameras, TVs, what have you. So, I think, we're really excited to get that technology out there for Brazilians. And I think beyond that, we really just focus on those categories and growing selection there, but I can't speculate on what we might do in the future there.
Brian T. Olsavsky: And on Whole Foods, yes, I believe the total is 465 stores or thereabouts. And we have 12 bookstores now. We are adding a few more in the near future in California, Washington DC, and Austin. So, yeah, you will see more expansion from us. We're not ready to announce what that will look like and we are working with the Whole Foods team on how many more stores we might have in that area. But still early, so those plans will develop over time.