
Operator: The next question is from Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Douglas T. Anmuth: Thanks for taking the questions. I just have two. First on engagement, obviously, the DAU and MAU numbers were strong. You gave the increase in the daily activity as well in the double-digits. But can you just give us some color on the user trends underneath that a little bit, and more specifically perhaps what you might be seeing in terms of younger users in different age demographics? And then secondly, just going back to the ad load, we have in the past heard some caution from you guys before in that area, and granted it was a few years ago and at a much earlier stage. But I guess my question is, if targeting continues to improve along with click-through-rate and then ultimately ROI, why does ad load have to become less of a factor going forward? Thanks.
David M. Wehner: Yeah, thanks. Thanks, Doug. On the DAU and MAU front, couple of things. One is DAU and MAU are up sequentially and year-over-year on all regions, and with trends that are largely consistent with past quarters. So, really good strong growth across the globe on a DAU to MAU ratio. We don't do specific break downs of those metrics by demographic. We're obviously pleased with our overall level of growth in engagement. On the teen front, younger users, we continue to be the best way to reach the largest global audience of teens and millennials. Teens remain very – remain engaged on Facebook. Clearly, how they've used our service has evolved over the years. And in addition to Facebook, they're using Instagram, Messenger and WhatsApp. So, from a teen perspective, that's some color there. On the ad load front, ad load is definitely up from where we were a few years ago. It has been an important driver of inventory growth. And really, I think one of the things that's enabled us to grow ad load has been improving the quality and the relevance of the ads, as you've mentioned. And we've been be able to do that without negatively impacting the user experience. We do expect that ad load will be a less significant factor driving overall growth, especially after mid-2017. The optimal ad load is really a mix of art and science. We've carefully tracked the impact of ads on the user experience over the last several years. We aren't seeing a cause for concern. We also want to be thoughtful about making sure that each person's overall feed experience has the right balance of organic and ad content. And that factors into how we think about ad load and where that might ultimately be. And that's really why we're talking about our expectation that as you get into mid-2017, ad load will not be a big factor in driving overall inventory growth. We still see the opportunity to grow inventory from the growth of people and engagement on Facebook, as well as our other services like Instagram. Instagram does have a lower ad load than Facebook.