
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Mark May with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Mark A. May: Thank you. Just a question on paid unit growth. For the last several quarters here, it's been accelerating on a year-on-year basis and I think this quarter 24%, it was below the 26% that you reported in Q4 of 2015. Just kind of curious what had been driving the acceleration over the past few quarters and what may be changed this quarter? And then in terms of the Q1 revenue guidance, wondering if you could provide a little bit of color in terms of the impact that maybe the recent AWS price adjustments are having on your Q1 guidance. Thanks.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Let me start with the second one. So we factored it in, obviously, into the numbers I gave through guidance, the timing of it was again closer to December 1. So there'll be an incremental differential in Q1 on those price cuts, but this is something that we again have quite frequently and I don't think it's a large factor in Q1. The bigger one is more mechanical that leap day comp I would say. And just if you're looking on a non-FX adjusted basis, the foreign exchange exposure, which I mentioned was $730 million or 250 basis points expected in this guidance.
Darin Manney: Hi, Mark. This is Darin. On the unit growth, we're very happy with the 24% unit growth that we saw in Q4 like you mentioned. Our unit growth has been strong and that's primarily attributable to our Prime program and the customers and members that enjoy that program. As Brian mentioned, that 28% is only part of the story. Our Amazon Fulfilled units, the amount going through our fulfillment centers and which essentially includes our first-party retail and our FBA sales and it grew nearly 40% over 2016. So we're very pleased with those results and happy with the fundamentals of the business from that perspective. Customers continue to respond very well to the low prices. The vast selection which is helped by the FBA sellers and the strong convenience that we can offer through FREE Two-Day Shipping and the multitude of other faster shipping options such as Same-Day, Next-Day and in some cases with Prime Now, the 1-Hour Delivery to 2-Hour Delivery. So Prime membership and selection continues to drive growth and you'll see that in our unit growth numbers.