
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark May with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Mark A. May: Thanks a lot. In some of these incremental investment areas like warehouses, logistics and also content, I know in some cases you expense up front. In some cases you amortize over time. Just wondering if you could give us a sense of how much of the recent step-up is kind of being expensed. I'm particularly looking at your COGS as a percent of retail revenues which was up year-on-year for the first time in quite a while. How much of that was because of content that was expensed in the period? Just trying to kind of better understand that. And I think also you've been changing around, and this is happening here shortly, FBA pricing including increasing your storage fees but also reducing your handling fees. I guess the question is, are these changes designed to just pass through kind of increasing shipping costs? Or is this more of a net-neutral change where really the goal is to try to free up capacity in some of your facilities? Thanks.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Let me start with your second question on FBA. So yes, we did make some changes to the pricing formula for this holiday season. They're essentially meant to incent the right behavior among sellers around holiday. And the biggest issue you're trying to get at is having the most valuable products for holiday in the warehouse in the Prime space and not having the warehouse filled with things that may not sell until after the New Year. So we are trying to incentivize that behavior. We're also trying to incentivize getting inventory into the warehouse quicker. So yes, the formulas were, or excuse me, the changing to the pricing formulas were really with that in mind to help the flow and the base utilization in Q4.
Darin Manney: Yeah, hi Mark. This is Darin. On the capitalization point, I'd say the things we capitalized are the core buildings and leasehold improvements in the buildings. But the things that we're seeing hit the P&L are the fixed and variable expenses that it takes to run the building and I think that's what Brian's pointing out most pointedly in terms of what is impacting the profitability of the second half. So yeah, the capitalization's relatively small in terms of, other than in the building itself.