
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark S. Mahaney: Great. Thanks. Two questions. David, the sales and marketing expenses this quarter were almost flattish sequentially. You don't normally see that in your business. Is there anything, any particular reason behind that why you didn't have that area grow? I assume it will continue to grow going forwards. And then, Mark, you made a comment about. I think you were referring to Instagram becoming one of the best places to get a real-time snapshot of the world. And it kind of reminds me or makes me think about some other leading platforms on the Internet. And I wonder how does that happen with Instagram? Is that something that you're already seeing users use Instagram to make that happen? Or is that something that you have to kind of tweak the user interface and change the product a little bit in order to try to have people think about it that way? How does it become that real-time snapshot of the world? Thanks.
David M. Wehner: So on the sales and marketing expenses, Mark, I think you're going to see that be lumpy. That's just due to product marketing and that's just not going to necessarily be a steady quarter-to-quarter trend. So you're going to see that be lumpy. But, yes, we are investing more in general in sales and marketing over time, so you'd expect to see that line grow in line with the expense guidance that we're giving. So it's definitely an area that we'll be investing in on an ongoing basis and I wouldn't read too much into the quarterly trend there.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: Yeah, and in terms of Instagram, I just think Kevin and the team are doing amazing work. The clarity of focus and clarity of the vision that Kevin and Mike have has been exceptional. And this is something that they've always focused on. They've cared deeply about it since the first conversations I've had with Kevin. And I think it takes real composure as a leader to scale something to many x where it was just a few years ago and build up the organization and be able to continue pushing the products forward every day to be able to do that. And I think it's rare that you get someone who's as talented as the folks who are leading this. And they're just doing an amazing job.