
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Philip Winslow with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Philip Winslow: Hey. Thanks, guys, for talking my question and congrats on another great quarter. I just wanted to focus in on Office. Obviously, Amy, you called out some of the positives from the price increase that's coming up. But if I look at just Office 365 both commercial and consumer, just continued just strong growth on both those two. And especially on the commercial side, there's still that gap between seat growth and revenue growth. So if you kind of just think where you are and I guess in terms of just sort of the life cycle here and obviously, we've got multiple SKUs, maybe just kind of give us an update of how you're sort of think about where you stand and then especially as you think about the full year here, how you sort of expect these metrics to progress?
Amy E. Hood: Sure. And I'm actually going to expand my comments a little bit because the sales motion is really broader than Office 365. The sales motion is really about Microsoft 365. And what that encompasses is both the Office 365 value proposition, but also our management and security value proposition with EMS as well as Advanced Threat Protection and Windows value that shows up in that Windows commercial services KPI. So the bucket of those together, what we're seeing is many of the workloads and movement to E3 within Microsoft 365 and to E5 continue to have good pull. There's great customer demand for the value that comes in security and analytics, in meetings, in voice, in collab. And I think when you look at the value, I think we feel good about the opportunity to continue to move these users including new first-line or frontline users that we've not had access before. We got room on user growth, which you continue to see that number go up across segments. And we've got room in ARPU, which you've continued to see us have. So in many ways your question shows itself in Office, but the trends are the same if you look at EMS growth or if you were to look at that Windows commercial growth number.
Satya Nadella: And I'd just add that the seat growth as well as the ARPU growth, one of the things even in spite of the success we may have achieved in the past, we never were that successful in penetrating with all of our workloads when it comes to small business and definitely across the globe. So that's another dimension that you see play out as well.
Philip Winslow: Awesome. Thanks.
Michael Spencer: Great. Thanks, Phil. Yeah, thanks, Phil. Operator, we'll move to the next question please.