
Operator: Steve Milunovich with UBS.
Steven Milunovich: Thank you. I wanted to try to push a little bit more on the mix. Could you comment whether the 8 Plus outsold the 8 in the quarter? There seems to be some data that suggests that. And the 451 Research survey that you're alluding to also finds that over the next 90 days, those buying an iPhone, 43% are planning on buying the X. Could you comment upon your expectations in terms of the mix going forward? And if you won't do that, perhaps you could comment a bit about your thinking in terms of pushing price elasticity. I think a couple years ago, nobody would've imagined selling a phone at this price and obviously, you're pretty confident that you can do it.
Timothy D. Cook: Obviously, I'm not going to talk about mix. That's something that we've done in the past. If you look at the 8 and 8 Plus, when we launched them, they instantly became our top two selling products. If you look at 8 Plus in particular, to provide a little color there, 8 Plus for the period of time that we can measure to date, has gotten off to the fastest start of any Plus model. That for us was a bit of a surprise, and a positive surprise, obviously. And so we'll see what happens next. As I've mentioned before, we've never had three products and it's only today that the first customers can sort of look at all three of those and I'm sure there's been some people that wanted to do that before deciding even which one. And so we'll see what happens there. But in terms of price elasticity, I think it's important to remember that a large number of people pay for the phone by month. And so if you were to go out on just the U.S., since that tends to be more of the focus of this call, you look at the U.S. carriers, I think you would find you could buy an iPhone X for $33 a month. And so if you think about that, that's a few coffees a week. It's let's say less than a coffee a day at one of these nice coffee places. The other thing to keep in mind is that many people are now trading in their current iPhone on the next iPhone. And the residual value for iPhone tends to be the highest in the industry and many people pick up $300, $350 or so for their iPhone and so that even reduces the monthly payment less. And then obviously, some carriers also have promotional things going on. And so I do think it's important to try to place it in that context. In terms of the way we price, we price to sort of the value that we're providing. We're not trying to charge the highest price we could get or anything like that. We're just trying to price it for what we're delivering. And iPhone X has a lot of great new technologies in there that are leading the industry, and it is a fabulous product and we can't wait for people to start getting it in their hands.
Steven Milunovich: And then I wanted ask, the Street historically has been a little skeptical about continued innovation and you've suggested there is more to go. Historically, you weren't first to large screens, you weren't first to OLED. Now though, you're leading in AR, you're leading with face ID, which the all-in a year ago, as some of your guys have suggested, was kind of very reminiscent of the aggressive Apple. Is it possible going forward that you could accelerate share gains from Android because you're now in a stronger competitive position?
Timothy D. Cook: I think, Steve, we've been in a competitive position. And so I probably maybe have a different view than you do or the folks that you're quoting. There's always doubting Thomases out there. And I've been hearing those for the 20 years I've been here and suspect I'll hear about them until I retire, right. So I don't really listen to that too much. There's lots of fantastic people here and they're doing unbelievable things. And yes, I view AR as profound. Not today, not the app that you'll see on the App Store today, but what it will be, what it can be. I think it's profound and I think Apple is in a really unique position to lead in this area.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Steve. Could we have the next question, please?