
Operator: Your next question...
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: And on virtual reality...
David M. Wehner: Mark has a second part of that question.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: So on virtual reality here, I think the big picture is that every 10 to 15 years or so there is a major new computing paradigm, right, whether that's DOS and then Windows and kind of desktop UI and then web browsers and now mobile phones and apps. So it strikes me as inevitable that that progression will continue. And each one gets to be more natural to interact with, more natural gestures for controlling, more immersive, more portable. So I think it strikes me as very likely that the next one is going to be around virtual and augmented reality. So we're investing a lot in this because, frankly, we haven't to date been a hardware company or an operating system company. And we think that we need to build up a lot of different muscles in order to be competitive and be able to succeed in that space and to be able to shape that space. One of my great regrets in how we've run the company so far is I feel like we didn't get to shape the way that mobile platforms developed as much as would be good because they were developed contemporaneously with Facebook early on, right. I mean, iOS and Android came out around 2007. We were really small company at that point. So that just wasn't a thing that we were working on. But now I think we're living in a world where – the way that I think about this is that people should really be at the center of how we design technology. It shouldn't be designed around apps. It should be designed around our relationships because that's what matters to people. And that's not the world we're on on mobile. So I really am very committed to this idea of making sure that the next platform reflects those values that Facebook stands for. I think this is going to be an exciting year. As you mentioned, Oculus Go is coming out. We have the prototype and the developer kit around the higher-end stand-alone coming out as well, and we're doing a number of other things that I think are going to be quite exciting over time as well. But that's how I think about the whole space. I don't know exactly when it's going to be a big deal. When we started talking about this, I said that I thought that this was going to be a 10-year journey before this was really a very mainstream, major platform. And I think the reality is Facebook needs to be investing before it is a big thing in order to build some of the muscles to be competitive. We're committed to doing that because I think that this is important for our mission.