
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Douglas T. Anmuth: Thanks for taking the question. Brian, you had significant operating income upside in 1Q and I think a better outlook for the second quarter than many expected. Can you just talk about the biggest factors that drove the delta relative to your 1Q guide? And is there any reason to think that you couldn't see similar leverage in the back half of the year? Thanks.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure. Yes, we came in well above our range that we had given of $300 million to $1 billion. I would attribute it primarily to a few things. First, the top-line growth was – continued to be strong coming out of Q4. We had great consumer business strength. We also had strong AWS revenue strength, where I already mentioned that we accelerated into the quarter, which is a different trend that we've seen recently. So customer adoption in AWS remained strong. And when we hit the higher end of our range or just above our range on – with FX included, we generally see really good drop through on the incremental sales, given the fixed costs we have in fulfillment centers and data centers and quite frankly, people. So we saw great efficiencies at the higher level of revenue, and we're able to handle it. So that was generally very good financially. We – at the time of guidance, we were concerned a bit about the high – relatively high inventory we had at year-end in space utilization. So we're still very full in our fulfillment centers. But we were able to correct that due to the high sales without having additional handling and transportation cost that you would normally see the reconfigure inventory locations. So that also helped and probably differential versus the guidance estimate. And then, lastly, I would say, advertising continues to be a strong contributor to profitability and had strong results this quarter. As far as what that portends for future quarters, for now, I want to focus on Q2 and it's incorporated into our Q2 guidance. So we expect a lot of the strength areas to continue, consumer demand, AWS and advertising. We will definitely see higher investments as we move through the year. For example, video content spend will increase year-over-year, and we'll continue to hire, in particular, software engineers. We'll have some costs in Q2 ahead of what's anticipated to be a Prime Day in early Q3. So – and then as you know, Q3 is generally a lower quarter due to all the work to get ready for holiday and the hiring of people and building teams. So, I won't go beyond Q2 at this point, but again, we're very happy with the customer reception we had in Q1 and then the income that, that drove.