
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citi. Please proceed.
Walter H. Pritchard: Hi. Just a numbers question for Amy. I noticed your long-term unearned revenue was up quite a bit. I mean that's kind of been a flattish trend and it was paired with commercial bookings being much stronger I think than I was modeling. I'm wondering if you could just help us understand what drove the unearned and how that contributed to those commercial bookings?
Amy E. Hood: Sure. A couple things Walter, which I know you recall. We do have a bit of lumpiness in our expirations. As I said on the call, this was a big expiration quarter for us. And so on occasion what that does, even with the negative currency impact on C&B, is have a bit of lumpiness over time. Now that being said, I want to point to the core, which is that renewal rates were very good, and a big quarter. There was very strong performance on that front, very strong performance in moving customers to annuity as well as to the cloud. So aside from a bit of the lumpiness that you do note and we have from time to time, the execution in the quarter was very strong.
Walter H. Pritchard: And then if I can just one other numbers question. It looks like in the Q you called out actually Windows Server declining as an offset to Intelligent Cloud growth. And I'm wondering, we haven't seen that comment in the Q before. Was there something sort of one-off driving that or any further detail on that?
Amy E. Hood: The way I'd think about that one, Walter, is in general, our premium or enterprise workloads across Windows, SQL, System Center, et cetera, grew double digits. And so some of that weakness frankly is in the non-annuity and very transactional business, which happened to impact Windows Server a bit more than other workloads. And that is where in macro pressure on occasion shows itself first, and then some of that non-annuity lumpiness. So that's the nature of that comment.
Walter H. Pritchard: Great. Thank you.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks, Walter.
Chris Suh: Thank you, Walter. Next question, please, Operator.