
Operator: Gene Munster with Piper Jaffray.
Gene Munster: Good afternoon. Tim, you gave some nice data points around Apple Pay. Can you remind us? Is this a business that ultimately impacts the Services line in any measurable way, or is Apple Pay generally about selling iPhones? And separately, when you just take a step back and look at the proof point that the augmented reality [AR] theme has had with this whole Pokémon phenomenon, how does it impact how you think about the future? I assume you think about it. I'm just curious what goes on in your mind when you see all that. Thanks.
Timothy Donald Cook: On the Apple Pay side, the revenues from Apple Pay are in the Services line. The growth is astronomical, but the base is very small. And so for today, Apple Pay is very much about a great feature for our customers so that they can pay in a very simple, private, and secure way. In terms of AR and the Pokémon phenomenon, it's incredible what has happened there. I think it's a testament to what happens with innovative apps and the whole ecosystem and the power of being a developer being able to press a button, so to speak, and offer their product around the world. And just a certain developer has elected not to go worldwide yet because of the pressure on their servers, et cetera, because of the demand. But I'm sure that they will over time. It also does show, as you point out, that AR can be really great. And we have been and continue to invest a lot in this. We are high on AR for the long run. We think there are great things for customers and a great commercial opportunity. And so we're investing, and the number one thing is to make sure our products work well with other developers' products like Pokémon. And so that's the reason why you see so many iPhones out in the wild right now chasing Pokémons.
Gene Munster: Would you say there's going to be a computing shift to AR longer term?
Timothy Donald Cook: I notice there are people that want to call it a new computer platform, and we'll see. I think there's a tendency in this industry to call everything new the next computer platform. However, that said, I think AR can be huge. So we'll see whether it's the next platform. But regardless, it will be huge.
Gene Munster: Thank you.
Nancy Paxton: Thanks, Gene. Can we have the next question, please?