
Operator: From Cross Research, Shannon Cross.
Shannon S. Cross: Thank you very much. A couple questions. The first, Tim, can you talk a bit about how you're thinking in terms of the lineup? You go from $340 – this is for iPhone – you go from $349 to above $1,000. And it appears that you probably sold a fair amount at the lower end. Perhaps that was just some of the switchers in China and maybe drove some of the growth in China in terms of market share. But how are you sort of thinking about what went into the guidance for the December quarter? Are you seeing really strong demand at the low end and obviously expected benefit from the X at the high end? I'm just trying to understand because you have such a broader lineup than you've had in prior years.
Timothy D. Cook: Yes. In terms of what we saw in Q4, you can probably tell from the ASP we had good success, I would say, through the different iPhones. And we've tried hard to have an iPhone that is as affordable as possible for people that really want an iPhone but may have a more limited budget. And we've got some iPhones that are really great for that market. And then we've got three new iPhones and people will look at these and decide which one they want. And this is the first time we've ever been in the position that we've had three new iPhones at once like this at the top end of the line. And it's the first time we've had a staggered launch. And so we're going to see what happens, but we put our absolutely best thinking that we have here in the guidance that Luca presented, and you can tell from that, that we're bullish.
Shannon S. Cross: Great. Thank you. And then in terms of Services, $8.5 billion, up 34%, can you talk about some of the portions of that that outperformed, how sustainable? You mentioned China in terms of significant growth in Services, but I'm just curious. That's a pretty remarkable number, so I'm curious what the drivers were. Thank you.
Luca Maestri: Yes, Shannon. It's Luca. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, there was a $640 million adjustment and there was a one-off change. And it's important to call it out because of course it's a one-off. And so the underlying growth rate for service in the quarter was fantastic. It was 24%. It's the highest growth rate that we've had for services during fiscal 2017. So the business is going incredibly well. I would highlight maybe three of these businesses within Services at the App Store set a new all-time record. It's going incredibly well. The number of paying accounts continues to grow very strongly, and that's very, very important to us for the App Store business. Apple Music was up, subscriptions were up 75% year over year. We're getting the highest conversion rates that we've had since the launch of the service. And so we turned the corner in Music. You remember that a few years ago, we were actually declining in Music; now with the streaming service in addition to the download business, the business is growing again. And that really helps the growth rate for the entire Services business. iCloud is a service that continues to grow very strong double digits, and that's also helping. So we already become the size of a Fortune 100 company. We set a goal for ourselves to double what we did in fiscal 2016, and the trajectory is actually quite positive.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Shannon. Could we have the next question, please?