
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Keith Eric Weiss: Excellent. Thank you, guys, for taking the question. Very - again, a really solid quarter. And, Chris, it's been great working with you. Sorry to see you go from this role. I'll ask my questions. One question for Satya, and starting a little bit narrow, maybe running off from there. Gaming in the quarter seems to have - had a good quarter for gaming with Xbox launch. But more broadly, there are some murmurings out there about Xbox falling behind PlayStation. If you look at the sort of the bases of those two consoles, there are murmurings about not having enough kind of exclusive games on the console. I know you sort of mixed up leadership a little bit there. How do you feel about your positioning in gaming from a narrow focus? And then more broadly, how are you guys feeling about your position in the home if you will. When I go home, I'm talking to Alexa. I'm not talking to Cortana. Is that something that you're comfortable with where we are today? Is that something we should see improving on a going forward basis?
Satya Nadella: Thanks, Keith. So let me take both of those questions. So on gaming, we feel good about Xbox One X, the premium console launch. We also feel good about the volume we got for Xbox One S, because we always wanted that halo effect of the premium console driving even the lower-end console, because that creates the sockets for gaming for us. But our real strategy going forward is not only to do great work on the console, but to complement that with the work we're doing on the PC. PC gaming is a growth market. And so, therefore you see us, whether it's our subscription offer, whether it's our streaming efforts that are increasingly bringing the console plus PC together. And then, not stopping there, but going to other devices, for example mobile. Minecraft on mobile we just launched in fact in the last quarter in China. We are seeing tremendous growth of Minecraft expansion on mobile platform in China. So overall, you will see us do good work on the console, we'll compete there. But more importantly, we have a much more broader gaming view in terms of what value we can add with our subscription services streaming services across all devices. And one other point I think I made in my remarks earlier is gaming also is a growth area for Azure. In other words, we have now increasing past services that we are going to reinforce on Azure and attract more game developers. Some of the know-how that we have from Xbox is not just about the Xbox, but it's going to help developers across the board. So that I think will also transcend or lead into even media companies. So we're very excited about some of what we can get out of our investments in gaming. So that's our focus on gaming. In terms of Cortana and home, I think it's probably important. Although the question I'll ask is, you asked it narrowly, but my investments are much broader. In other words, I first start by saying let's make sure our best AI capability, whether it's speech, whether it's ultimately even image recognition and dialogue management, because right now most assistants are fairly dumb in terms of just doing one-turn dialogue, but where we're going to go is multi-turn dialogue and that requires real natural language understanding. So all of those investments, for example, are available on Azure as Cognitive Services. I even referenced in my remarks how in healthcare people are using those to build bots and skills and agents. That's where we will make sure we do our best, building blocks and AI work. Of course, it will manifest for us with Cortana as an agent from Microsoft that has some special skills, especially around that crossover between work and life. Most agents and their knowledge or smarts come from the data access they have. In our case, it's going to be about things that are there in Office 365. The people, places, things and how we reason about it and help users, whether they're at home or whether they're at work. Lastly, even when it's comes to devices, we want to take an approach that brings all assistants. That's why we are working with Alexa, we would welcome it on our devices, because we believe in a world where our own assistant should be available everywhere and so should other assistants be available on our devices versus thinking that the end game here is about speaking, doing one-turn dialogues on one speaker in one home. That's just not our vision.
Keith Eric Weiss: Excellent.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Keith. We'll move to next question, please.