
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Devitt with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Scott William Devitt: Hi. Thanks. I had two, please. First, Prime Now, Fresh, Prime Pantry, and Whole Foods, they're all distinct offerings, but it does seem like there's natural overlap with the potential to be further connected. And I was just wondering if you could just speak to how we should think about those four as distinct product offerings in the future versus being more integrated and possibly even in some cases, eliminated to remove overlap from a customer experience standpoint. And then secondly, given the recent management changes in video, Brian, I was just wondering if you could speak to any strategic shifts in video or changes in the pace of content portfolio build in coming years? Thank you.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure. Let me start with video. And I just want to be clear. We're going to continue to invest in video and increase that investment in 2018. And why are we going to do that? It's because the video business is having great results with our most important customer base, which is our Prime customers. It continues to drive better conversion of free trials, higher membership renewal rates for existing subscribers and higher overall engagement. We're seeing the engagement go up year-after-year in video and also music and a lot of the other Prime benefits. We also know Prime members who watch video also spend more on Amazon. And we have a lot of data where that's the advantage we have is that we see the viewing patterns, and we also see the sales patterns, so we can tie the two together and understand which video resonates with Prime members, which video doesn't, and make mid course corrections. So we always do that. We're always changing the emphasis and looking for those more impactful shows, more shows that resonate better with our customer base, and things they want to see. So that will always be an important part of our Prime offer, and we'll continue to use the data that we have to make better and better decisions about where to invest our dollars in Prime Video. So we remain very bullish on the video business, and we're looking forward to a lot of interesting new projects at the back-end of this year and also lined up into next year. On the, sorry, the second comment was, oh, the overlap. Yes. So Whole Foods, I think I mentioned this earlier, but we definitely see commonality and overlap with the Whole Foods business as well as Amazon in total, but specifically Prime Now and also AmazonFresh. And we're going to work to see how we expand those offerings, and in some cases combine them. We're not sure how it'll play out. But we're going cooperate across those different customer touch points and trying to make them better for customers. We know customers are going to buy, just like in the physical world, sometimes you go to a convenience store, sometimes you go to a supermarket, sometimes you go to a superstore. Sometimes you need things within an hour, sometimes you can wait days for shipments. So there's no one paradigm for all customer engagement, and we're looking for the ones that resonate best with customers and we're going to continue to work on those.