
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Heath Terry: Great, thanks. I was wondering if you could give us a sense, you know, as we look at the slowing growth in AWS, obviously still from an incredibly high level and still very strong growth there. But take - try and take that into context with the growth in margins that you keep seeing in that business to levels that certainly seem a lot higher than you would anticipate for an Amazon business. Is there any capacity constraint or management that, that's driving pricing strategy in AWS? We've heard the comments about the number of availability zones that are being launched this year, which is obviously about, a big part of driving incremental capacity in that business and just trying to balance those, think about how we should balance those three things?
Brian Olsavsky: Sure. Let me work backwards from your footprint question or comment. We have - we just announced Korea as a region and we'll be adding five more regions in the next, in the future, in the near future, as we mentioned. CapEx, let me start with that first. CapEx, we've seen great efficiencies in capital expenditures, particularly in AWS. And we continue to work on better purchase efficiencies and driving utilization rates in our data centers. CapEx, as I mentioned, grew quite a bit in 2014 and grew even more to over $9 billion across all of our capital expenditures and capital leases in 2015. From the new regions, they are not the major driver in any way. Most of our capacity and capital and capital leases in AWS is to service existing regions and existing customers demand growth. But there is certainly expenditures when we open up new regions. Some of that is not always in the year that we open the region. So we spent a good bit on those new regions already in 2015. But as far as pricing, there's no capacity constraint, and I would a little bit dispute the deceleration comment on, yes, on a percentage basis, 69% is lower than Q3. But as I said before, we're approaching a $10 billion run rate in this business. On a dollar basis, we continue to grow – we saw the greatest growth year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter and, again, we continue to invent, now with our price, we continue to innovate on behalf of customers and see great customer response.
Heath Terry: Sure, sure. Got it. Thank you.