
Operator: We'll go to Shannon Cross with Cross Research.
Shannon S. Cross: Thank you very much. Tim, can you talk a bit about what's going on in China and give us some more color, especially as you're going through the year? And then obviously you won't talk about the next product launch, but just are there any shifts in demand with Greater China down 14%? Was it all iPhone, or a mix? Anything you can provide, and then I have a follow-up.
Timothy Donald Cook: Yes, thanks for the question, Shannon. We saw in Q2 a performance that combined with Q1 to form the first half of the year was much better than what we experienced in the second half of last year. And if you look at what was driving that, iPhone 7 Plus, we sold the highest number of Plus models in the first half than ever before, compared to 6s Plus or compared to the 6 Plus. Also, the Mac business did extremely well. The Mac revenue growth was up 20% in China, and we had extremely strong Services growth during the quarter in China. As I mentioned in my comments, our retail and online stores did well overall and in China. They grew by 21%, which is an acceleration from what we had seen in the previous quarter. And traffic – which for us is incredibly important in the retail stores because we do a lot more than sell – traffic was up 27% year on year. And now seven of our top ten highest traffic stores in the world are in Greater China. And so that's the set of things that went in our direction, so to speak. On the flip side, currency devalued by 5%, and so that's not an insignificant headwind. And our performance continued to be weak in Hong Kong, which has been hit a bit harder as the tourism market continues to slump. Also, where the iPhone 7 Plus did well, we didn't perform as well on some of the previous generation iPhones. And so that's the set of things on the plus and minus side. We did perform about where I thought we would. At least I thought it would be similar to the previous quarter, and it was. What I now believe is that we'll improve a bit more during this current quarter, not back to growth, but improve – but make more progress. And we continue to believe that there's an enormous opportunity there. And in the scheme of things, our business is pretty large there.
Shannon S. Cross: Great, thank you. And then I don't know if Luca wants to take this, but thoughts on cash usage. You increased your program, but you still have I think $160 billion of net cash and obviously continue to generate cash. So I'm curious as to, given some of the commentary that's come out of the administration, which I think most companies were expecting some sort of return, how do you generally think about what you need to run the business from a cash perspective, how you think about the balance sheet from a strength perspective as we look forward to what hopefully will come through?
Luca Maestri: Shannon, you know how we run our capital return program. We've been pretty consistent during the last five years. Essentially for the last five years, the way we've run the company is essentially to return our free cash flow to our investors. That's what we've done with the program until now, and the expansion of the program that we've announced today goes in the same direction. We know how much we need to invest in the business. We will never underinvest in the business. We're in a very fortunate position that we generate cash beyond the needs that we have. And given the current capital structure that we have, we decided that until now we return about 100% of the free cash flow to investors. It's difficult for us to speculate about what might or might not happen. The program that we're announcing today reflects the current tax legislation in this country, and there's a lot that still needs to happen there, and we'll see. Obviously, we will reassess our situation if things change.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Shannon. Can we have the next question, please?