Special Issue of Quantitative Finance on ‘Commodity Markets’
Abstract:
Over the past decades, commodities and their derivative products have gone through boom and bust cycles and periods of high and low volatility, but have also shown a continued trend in increased trading volumes as well as emerging new markets and products.
The focus of this special issue is to draw together connected papers from the field of Quantitative Finance that are dedicated to the increasingly important issue of commodities.
These papers make important contributions in terms of new methodology, techniques, commodity classes, econometrics and risk management tools.
The first paper by Lyócsa and Molnár applies heterogeneous autoregressive (HAR) models to high-frequency data to predict the one-day forward volatilities of two strategically linked commodities, gold and silver.
They provide evidence that it is difficult to beat benchmark models using univariate models and that a much better strategy is to average the forecasts from many models.
In the second paper, Ewald, Nawar, Ouyang and Siu use the popular Schwartz 97 two-factor approach to study future contracts written on fresh farmed salmon.
These futures have been actively traded at the Fish Pool Market in Norway since 2006.
They connect this approach with the classical literature on fish-farming and aquaculture using first principles, starting by modelling the aggregate salmon farming production process and modelling the demand using a Cobb–Douglas utility function for a representative consumer.
Göncü and Akyildirim introduce an optimal pairs trading model and verify its performance in the commodity futures markets in the third paper.
They provide empirical evidence from commodity futures to indicate the existence of significant mean-reversion together with high peak and fat tails for the distribution of spread residuals.
In consequence, they use an Ornstein–Uhlenbeck process with the noise term driven by a Levy process with generalized hyperbolic distributed marginals.
Empirical examples and backtesting results obtained from commodity futures data show strong support for the profitability of the model even in the presence of transaction costs.
Kyriakou, Pouliasis and Papapostolou focus in the fourth paper on Asian options.
Such options are favoured by many risk managers, being effective and cost-saving hedging instruments due to the reduced variance of the underlying and reduced exposure to manipulative trading.
Their paper has both empirical and theoretical contributions: they conduct an empirical analysis of crude oil price dynamics and develop an accurate pricing set-up for arithmetic Asian options with discrete and continuous monitoring, featuring stochastic volatility and discontinuous underlying asset price movements.
They find that price jumps and stochastic volatility are necessary to fit options.
In the fifth paper, Karathanasopoulos, Dunis and Khalil expand on earlier work carried that modelled the Crack Spread from 01/01/1995 to 01/01/2005.
Their paper which is a combined PSO (Particle Swarm Optimizer) and a RBF (Radial Basis Function) Neural Network (NN), however, provides a more sophisticated approach to non-linear modelling of the ‘Crack’.
Kellard, Tsvetanov and Coakley find that news related to future GDP growth is a significant factor that is priced in the cross-section of commodity futures sorted by percentage net basis.
Their results are presented in the sixth paper.
They show that commodity futures with high inventory levels provide a hedge against risk associated with future GDP growth so that investors are willing to accept lower returns.
By contrast, those commodity futures with low inventory levels are inversely related to the GDP-related factors so that investors require a higher return.
These results suggest that commodity futures excess returns are a compensation for risk.
In paper seven, Stasinakis, Sermpinis, Psaradelis and Verousis study a Krill Herd – Support Vector Regression (KH-vSVR) model.
The Krill Herd (KH) algorithm is a novel metaheuristic optimization technique inspired by the behaviour of krill herds.
The KH optimizes the SVR parameters by balancing the search between local and global optima.
The proposed model is applied to the task of forecasting and trading three commodity Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) on a daily basis over the period 2012–2014.
It is shown that the KH-vSVR outperforms its counterparts in terms of statistical accuracy and trading efficiency, while the leverage strategy is found to be successful.
Yang et al.
propose two types of dummy variables for an interval regression model to assess the impact of economic shocks/crises on an interval time series (ITS), e.g.
daily intervals of energy prices.
They present different economic interpretations of the two types of dummy variables for an interval regression model.
Their results are presented in paper eight.
Using the proposed interval framework, they focus on the impact of the subprime mortgage crisis in the commodity market as a case study based on the ITS of monthly crude oil future price data.
Empirical results suggest strong evidence that the subprime crisis has lowered the level/trend and increased the volatility of crude oil prices.