Upcoming Power Crisis in India – Increasing Electricity Demand
Abstract:
In this world of modernization every country tries to increase their domestic production in order to increase GDP.
India is one of them, in order to improve their economy with the help of make in India and similar schemes.
In this development process, India is committed to sustainable development and minimal use of conventional energy resources.
In order to reduce CO2and CFC emission India started to reduce fossil fuel dependency.
It tries to convert their fossil fuel system into regenerative and renewable sources.
India begins to install Solar and Wind power plants of huge capacity instead of their conventional thermal and nuclear power plants.
With the emergence of new technologies such as Wireless charging systems, Electric Vehicles, Smart systems such as Smart Grid and Wireless Communication systems such as Internet of things (IoT).
But here one thing is notable that due to these systems power consumption also increases, due to their heavy power ratings and lower efficiencies in case of Wireless systems (Charging and Communication).
In 2018 India is closest to power demand and its supply but not greater or equal to the power demanded.
India has announced that power production is surplus in current scenario.
But due to introduction of these above systems lead to immense increase in power demand.
If India has not taken any effective steps to increase their power production then it will suffers power crisis in upcoming decades.
The new power plants have higher efficiencies, high durability and produces almost no emissions.
India has considered 8% growth till 2020, but this consideration must have reviewed as soon as possible.In 2018-19 data says that India is 0.9% power deficit which is very good progress in power sector as in past data.
But this percentage is going to increase in future.
There is also increasing market for Electric Vehicles.
Automobile manufacturing companies are trying to shift their production towards Electric Vehicles.
Due to their high cost efficiencies, low vibrations as compared to engines, no emissions, less maintenance, Electric Vehicle is becoming popular these days.
This ultimately results in tremendous increase in power demand.
Mobile manufacturer companies always try to increase power capacity of Mobile Batteries in order to increase its backup and introduce the wireless charging feature.
This also results in increase in power consumption.
Intelligent home appliances are also introduced, these also consumes more power due to integration of remote control and advanced User Interfaces such as facial recognition.
Voice control and Artificial Intelligence (AI) systems are also integrated to these devices.
These systems are designed for higher capacities i.e.
parallel processing and high speed processing to enable multitasking features.
These systemsrequire more power than conventional systems.