Domestic violence and decision-making power of married women in Myanmar: Analysis of a nationally representative sample
BACKGROUND: Women in Myanmar are not considered decision makers in the community and the physical and psychological effect of violence makes them more vulnerable.
There is a strong negative reaction, usually violent, to any economic activity generated by women among poorer and middle-class families in Myanmar because a woman's income is not considered necessary for basic survival.
OBJECTIVE: Explore the relationship between domestic violence on the decision-making power of married women in Myanmar.
DESIGN: Cross-sectional.
SETTING: National, both urban and rural areas of Myanmar.
PATIENTS AND METHODS: Data from the Myanmar Demographic and Health Survey 2015-16 were used in this analysis.
In that survey, married women aged between 15 to 49 years were selected for interview using a multistage cluster sampling technique.
The dependent variables were domestic violence and the decision-making power of women.
Independent variables were age of the respondents, educational level, place of residence, employment status, number of children younger than 5 years of age and wealth index.
MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Domestic violence and decision-making power of women.
SAMPLE SIZE: 7870 currently married women.
RESULTS: About 50% respondents were 35 to 49 years of age and the mean (SD) age was 35 (8.4) years.
Women's place of residence and employment status had a significant impact on decision-making power whereas age group and decision-making power of women had a relationship with domestic violence.
CONCLUSION: Giving women decision making power will be indispensable for the achievement of sustainable development goals.
Government and other stakeholders should emphasize this to eliminate violence against women.
LIMITATIONS: Use of secondary data analysis of cross-sectional study design and cross-sectional studies are not suitable design to assess this causality.
Secondly the self-reported data on violence may be subject to recall bias.