Forced sterilization of women as discrimination
Abstract
There has been a long history of subjecting marginalized women to forced and coerced sterilization.
In recent years, the practice has been documented in countries in North and South America, Europe, Asia, and Africa.
It has targeted women who are ethnic and racial minorities, women with disabilities, women living with HIV, and poor women.
A handful of courts have issued decisions on the recent forced sterilization of marginalized women finding that such actions violate the women's rights.
However, they have all failed to address the women's claims of discrimination.
The failure to acknowledge that forced sterilization is at its core a violation of the prohibition of discrimination undermines efforts to eradicate the practice.
It further fails to recognize that coerced and forced sterilization fundamentally seeks to deny women deemed as "unworthy" the ability to procreate.
Four key principles outlined in the human rights in patient care framework highlight the importance of a finding that the prohibition of discrimination was violated in cases of forced sterilization: the need to highlight the vulnerability of marginalized populations to discrimination in health care settings; the importance of the rights of medical providers; the role of the state in addressing systemic human rights violations in health care settings; and the application of human rights to patient care.
Based on these principles, it is clear that finding a violation of the prohibition of discrimination in forced sterilization cases is critical in addressing the systemic nature of the practice, acknowledging the marginalization of specific groups and effectively ending forced sterilization through addressing the underlying purpose of the practice.
If litigators, non-governmental organizations and judicial officers are mindful of these principles when dealing with cases of forced sterilization, it is likely that they will be better able to eradicate forced sterilization.