Developing a Tool for Increasing the Awareness about Gendered and Intersectional Processes in the Clinical Assessment of Patients – A Study of Pain Rehabilitation
Abstract
Objective
There is a need for tools addressing gender inequality in the everyday clinical work in healthcare.
The aim of our paper was to develop a tool for increasing the awareness of genderedand intersectional processes in clinical assessment of patients, based on a study of painrehabilitation.
Methods
In the overarching project named“Equal care in rehabilitation”we used multiple methods(both quantitative and qualitative) in five sub studies.
With a novel approach we usedGrounded Theory in order to synthesize the results from our sub studies, in order to developthe gender equality tool.
The gender equality tool described and developed in this article isthus based on results from sub studies about the processes of assessment and selection ofpatients in pain rehabilitation.
Inspired by some questions in earlier tools, we posed openended questions and inductively searched for findings and concepts relating to genderedand social selection processes in pain rehabilitation, in each of our sub studies.
Throughthis process, the actual gender equality tool was developed as 15 questions about the pro-cess of assessing and selecting patients to pain rehabilitation.
As a more comprehensiveway of understanding the tool, we performed a final step of the GT analyses.
Here we syn-thesized the results of the tool into a comprehensive model with two dimensions in relationto several possible discrimination axes.
Results
The process of assessing and selecting patients was visualized as a funnel, a top down pro-cess governed by gendered attitudes, rules and structures.
We found that the cliniciansjudged inner and outer characteristics and status of patients in a gendered and intersec-tional way in the process of clinical decision-making which thus can be regarded as (poten-tially) biased with regard to gender, socio-economic status, ethnicity and age.
Implications
The clinical implications of our tool are that the tool can be included in the systematic routineof clinical assessment of patients for both awareness raising and as a base for avoidinggender bias in clinical decision-making.
The tool could also be used in team education forhealth professionals as an instrument for critical reflection on gender bias.
Conclusions
Thus, tools for clinical assessment can be developed from empirical studies in various clini-cal settings.
However, such a micro-level approach must be understood from a broadersocietal perspective including gender relations on both the macro- and the meso-level