Maternal and child characteristics and health practices affecting under-five mortality: A matched case control study in Gamo Gofa Zone, Southern Ethiopia
Background: Though Ethiopia has shown a considerable improvement in reducing under-five mortality rate since 1990, many children still continue to die prematurely.
Mixed results have been reported about determinants of under-five mortality.
Besides, there is paucity of mortality studies in the current study site.
Therefore, this study was conducted to assess maternal and child health related predictors of under-five mortality in Southern Ethiopia.
Methods: A matched case control study was conducted in 2014 in Arba Minch Town and Arba Minch Zuria District of Gamo Gofa Zone, Southern Ethiopia.
Conditional logistic regression was employed to identify the predictors of under-five mortality.
Sampling weight was applied to account for the non-proportional allocation of sample to different clusters.
Based on the Mosley & Chen's analytical framework for under-five and infant mortalities, the predictors were organized in to three groups: 1) personal illness control, 2) child feeding and newborn care and 3) other maternal and child related factors.
Results: Among personal illness control related factors: lack of post-natal care, immunization status of the child and lack of Vitamin A supplementation were significantly associated with higher rate of under-five mortality.
Not breastfeeding and delaying first bath at least for 24 hours were child feeding and newborn care related factors which were found to be significantly associated with under-five mortality.
Among other maternal and child related factors, shorter previous birth interval, history of death of index child's older sibling, being multiple birth and live birth after the index child were significantly associated with under-five mortality.
Conclusions: In order to maintain reduction of under-five mortality during the Sustainable Development Goals era, strengthening of maternal and child health interventions, such as post-natal care, family planning, immunization, supplementation of Vitamin A for children older than six months, breastfeeding and delaying of first bath after delivery at least for 24 hours are recommended.