Midwives' experiences of routine antenatal questioning relating to men's violence against women.
OBJECTIVE
to describe and use the experience gained by antenatal-care midwives who routinely questioned pregnant women about personally experienced violence.
DESIGN
qualitative, using focus-group discussions.
SETTING
antenatal care in a city in south-central Sweden.
STUDY POPULATION
21 midwives.
DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS
the midwives participated in any one of five focus-group discussions held by the same moderator and observer.
The discussions were audiotaped, transcribed verbatim and analysed using qualitative content analysis.
FINDINGS
the importance of routine questioning about violence was emphasised in all groups.
Midwives felt they had failed in their duty when women were not questioned.
The two main obstacles to such questioning were the delicacy of the subject and the routine of inviting the partner to all visits.
The perceived delicacy underlined the need to devise a natural setting for the questioning.
The midwives wanted to connect questions about abuse with related subjects routinely established in early pregnancy.
As the partner was invited to every visit, it was not practicable to establish a procedure whereby the assessment was connected with a particular visit.
Other obstacles included the following: time constraints, oversight, a preconceived notion of who might be a victim of abuse and language difficulties.
The midwives emphasised the importance of training, easy access to support for abused women, and personal counselling for midwives.
They described their role as raising awareness of the problem of male violence, reducing the shame of being abused, informing, giving emotional support and mediating help.
KEY CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS FOR PRACTICE
in order to ensure that the establishment of experience of violence is a routine enquiry in antenatal care, midwives must have a reasonable opportunity of carrying out such questioning.
A routine that offers each woman a private consultation will ease the questioning and save time and distress.