The Green Revolution in Human Resource Management
IntroductionMahatma Gandhi had said that nature has enough to satisfy everyone's need but has not enough to satisfy man's greed.Environmental Pollution - Environmental pollution is any discharge of material or energy into water, land, or air that causes or may cause acute (short-term) or chronic (long-term) detriment to the Earth's ecological balance or that lowers the quality of life.
Pollutants may cause primary damage, with direct identifiable impact on the environment, or secondary damage in the form of minor perturbations in the delicate balance of the biological food web that are detectable only over long time periods.Urban air pollution is set to become the biggest environmental cause of premature death in the coming decades, overtaking even such mass killers as poor sanitation and a lack of clean drinking water, according to a new report.
The environmental problems in India are growing rapidly.
The increasing economic development and a rapidly growing population that has taken the country from 300 million people in 1947 to more than one billion people today is putting a strain on the environment, infrastructure, and the country's natural resources.
Industrial pollution, soil erosion, deforestation, rapid industrialization, urbanization, and land degradation are all worsening problems.
Overexploitation of the country's resources is it land or water and the industrialization process has resulted environmental degradation of resources.
Environmental pollution is one of the most serious problems facing humanity and other life forms on our planet today.
India has the worst air pollution in the entire world, beating China, Pakistan, Nepal and Bangladesh, according to a study released during this year's World Economic Forum in Davos.
India's environmental problems are exacerbated by its heavy reliance on coal for power generation.
"More than 80 per cent of energy is produced from coal, a fuel that emits a high amount of carbon and greenhouse gases."
said Bikash.Bangalore holds the title of being the asthma capital of the country.
Studies estimate that 10 per cent of Bangalore's 60 lakhs population and over 50 per cent of its children below 18 years suffer from air pollution- related ailments.Reduce pollutions Green Court was launchedIndia launched a "green" court on October 19, 2010 to make polluters pay damages as it steps up its policing of the country's environmental laws.
Environment Minister Jairam Ramesh said India was only the third country in the world after Australia and New Zealand to set up such a tribunal.
"This is the first body of its kind (in India) to apply the polluter pays principle and the principle of sustainable development.Green Initiatives in IndiaIn the Indian context, the environmental concerns to the Indian consumer are on the rise going by the increased coverage of the issue in the media in the last few years.
This potentially provides a set of new opportunities to a company.
The mining and chemical industries with greatest consumer perception that they pollute the environment the most are better placed to derive competitive advantages if they start adopting this strategy.
Other industries such as the fabricators (equipment manufacturers), the public transport companies, quick service restaurants (fast-food), retail stores, etc.
can begin taking advantage of being environmentally friendly almost immediately after they adopt this strategy.
India, however, is way down on green products introduction.
There are but a very few examples that can be said to touch the green product offer.
Some of the milk cooperatives selling packaged milk with the offer of cash refund for the returned disposable plastic pouches, hand-woven and chemicals-free fabric, herbal shampoo (products), wood based products from forests or plantations managed on sustainable principles are examples of green product offers.
Some other green product examples are: cycle rickshaws as non-polluting means of transport, hydropower (electricity), automobiles powered by electricity, air-conditioners and refrigerators with environment friendly refrigerant, etc.
…