Magnitude, trends and causes of maternal mortality among reproductive aged women in Kersa health and demographic surveillance system, eastern Ethiopia
Background:                    Despite efforts at curbing maternal morbidity and mortality, developing countries are still burdened with high rates of maternal morbidity and mortality.
Ethiopia is not an exception and has one of the world's highest rates of maternal deaths.
Reducing the huge burden of maternal mortality remains the single most serious challenge in Ethiopia.
There is a paucity of information with regards to the local level magnitude and causes of maternal mortality.
We assessed the magnitude, trends and causes of maternal mortality using surveillance data from the Kersa Health and Demographic Surveillance System (HDSS), in Eastern Ethiopia.
Method:                    The analysis used surveillance data extracted from the Kersa HDSS database for the duration of 2008 to 2014.
Data on maternal deaths and live births during the seven year period were used to determine the maternal mortality ratio in the study.
The data were mainly extracted from a verbal autopsy database.
The sample was comprised of all reproductive aged women who died during pregnancy, childbirth or 42 days after delivery.
Chi-squared test for linear trend was used to examine the significance of change in rates over time.
Results:                    Out of the total 311 deaths of reproductive aged women during the study period, 72 (23.2%) died during pregnancy or within 42 days of delivery.
The overall estimated maternal mortality ratio was 324 per 100,000 live births (95% CI: 256, 384).
The observed maternal mortality ratio has shown a declining trend over the seven years period though there is no statistical significance for the reduction (χ2 = 0.56, P = 0.57).
The estimated pregnancy related mortality ratio was 543 per 100,000 live births (95% CI: 437, 663).
Out of those who died due to pregnancy and related causes, only 26% attended at least one antenatal care service.
The most common cause of maternal death was postpartum haemorrhage (46.5%) followed by hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (16.3%).
Conclusion:                    The magnitude of maternal mortality is considerably high but has shown a decreasing trend.
Community-based initiatives that aim to improve maternal health should be strengthened further to reduce the prevailing maternal mortality.
Targeted information education and communication should be provided.