Female oncologists in the Middle East and North Africa: Progress towards gender equality
Abstract
Background Female doctors are increasingly choosing oncology as a career while they are still under-represented in leadership positions globally.
The European Society of Medical Oncology has recently surveyed its members regarding gender equality in the work place.
Limited data are available from the Middle East.
The aim of our study was to survey female oncologists practicing in the Middle East to identify common challenges and suggest areas for improvement.
Methods A cross-sectional survey was distributed among female participants attending the annual Lebanese Society of Medical Oncology meeting in March 2018, and in the Pan-Arab annual meeting in April 2018.
The questionnaire used included questions assessing sociodemographic characteristics, involvement in leadership and academic positions and the impact of career on family life.
Results Overall, 88 questionnaires were collected from women practicing all over the Middle East.
59% reported that a male doctor was responsible for the work team; however, 57% covered a managerial or leadership role within their job.
64% of the female oncologists believed that their gender had at least moderate, significant and even major impact on their career.
Participants reported that their careers have a considerable impact on their relationship with friends and social networking (49%) and their family and marriage (44%).
58% report having problems with finding balance between work and family, and 50% find barriers to attend international meetings.
Several ways to improve were suggested, 56% voted for offering development and leadership training specifically women, 45% suggested implementing a flexible work schedule.
Conclusion In what is considered a male dominant environment, gender equality according to female oncologists working in the Middle East, is very comparable to the world data provided.
Several strategies have been identified to continue progress in this domain with the aim to improve academic leadership opportunities and work-life balance for all.