Optimal renewable energy supply choices for net-zero ready buildings: A life cycle thinking approach under uncertainty
Abstract
The increasing concerns about the environmental and economic impacts of conventional centralised energy generation and fossil fuel usage have prompted an interest in renewable-based decentralised energy systems.
Implementing such systems at building level can facilitate the development of net-zero energy buildings.
Energy system planning is a multi-faceted problem that involves technical, economic, environmental, and social dimensions, and affects multiple stakeholders at different levels.
A multi-objective optimisation approach is needed to identify the optimal energy choices at building level, while paying attention to stakeholder priorities and other constraints.
The objective of this study is to develop a model to identify the optimal mix of renewable energy (RE) while also accounting for uncertainties, which can be integrated at building level with life cycle thinking.
A framework was proposed for planning an optimised hybrid RE system at building level to support the net-zero development goals.
The optimisation model was developed considering the objectives of minimising energy system cost, maximising operational cost savings, minimising the life cycle environmental impacts, and maximising the RE fraction.
A combinatorial optimisation approach was adopted to reflect the practical engineering aspects of energy planning problems based on technologies available in the market.
The developed framework was demonstrated through a case study conducted for an average multi-unit residential buildings (MURB) located in British Columbia, Canada.
The results indicated that under the defined stakeholder priorities and constraints, ground source heat pumps and solar photovoltaics (PV) are the optimal energy choices for MURB, and the optimal energy system combination supplied 44% of the building's energy demand through RE.
The findings will inform and guide community developers and other stakeholders with an interest in residential buildings, on the most suitable clean energy options for their building project during the pre-project planning stage.