Child Marriage and Faith Affiliation in Sub-Saharan Africa: Stylized Facts and Heterogeneity
Child marriage remains highly prevalent in Africa, especially in rural areas and among vulnerable socio-economic groups (UNFPA 2012; UNICEF 2014; Nguyen and Wodon 2015a).
Physiological and social criteria suggest that most boys and girls aged 14 and younger are much too young for sexual, marital, and reproductive transitions, while many among the 15–17-year-olds are also too young (Dixon-Mueller 2008).
Child marriage, defined here as marriage before the age of 18, is known to have negative impacts on health as well as educational attainment, labor force participation, intimate partner violence, and empowerment (for a review, see Parsons et al.
2015, in this issue).
It therefore makes sense, as many countries have done, including in Africa, to legally restrict marriage before the age of 18.
Yet despite such restrictions, many girls still marry early, suggesting that more needs to be done to eliminate the practice.
If faith plays a role in the continuation of the practice, there should be a role for faith leaders and faith-based organizations in the fight against child marriage, as argued by Walker (2015) and Karam (2015) in this issue.
But does faith really play an important role in the persistence of the practice of child marriage?
This is a complex question to answer, and different types of data can be brought to bear.
In order to provide an introductory discussion of the issue, this article has two main objectives.
The first objective, which is the focus of the next section, is to provide an account of trends in child marriage in Africa and a brief analysis of the statistical association between child marriage and faith affiliation.
This helps to establish broad stylized facts or general observations on the basis of household survey data as to whether the likelihood of marrying early differs by faith affiliation.
Results suggest that it does, with higher child marriage among Muslim, Animist/traditional belief populations, and those without a faith affiliation in comparisons to Catholics and Protestants.
The second objective of the article, which is the focus of the following section, is to caution against broad generalizations about child marriage and faith affiliation, in order to show that beyond stylized facts derived from household survey data, there is also substantial heterogeneity within the adherents of any particular faith as to how the practice of child marriage is considered.
The analysis focuses on Islamic communities.
As pointed out by Lewis and Lockheed (2007), many Islamic communities throughout the world have managed to sharply reduce the prevalence of child marriage and have embraced girls’ education and women's employment.
The heterogeneity of attitudes towards child marriage is illustrated with a case study for rural Muslim communities in Burkina Faso, based on previous work by Gemignani and Wodon (2015a, 2015b).
The analysis suggests that child marriage does have deep socio-cultural and religious roots.
Gender roles and social expectations, as well as prevailing conceptions about Islamic Law and the fear of pregnancy before marriage, all play a role in the persistence of the practice.
But at the same time there are also important differences in the drivers of child marriage between communities, suggesting that policy and program responses to child marriage should take into account local conditions—including those pertaining to faith—if they are to be successful.