
Operator: From UBS, Steve Milunovich.
Steven M. Milunovich: Thank you. Tim, could you comment on the opportunity in wearables? The watch, some people consider disappointing, had what seems to be a very good quarter, and ironically the competition almost seems to be fading in that part of the market right now. The AirPods of course are doing well. Do you see wearables: A), expanding over time into a broader product line; and B), increasingly being independent of the iPhone longer term?
Timothy Donald Cook: Thanks for the question. We have seen the watch as a really key product category for us since before we launched it. We took our time to get it right, and we've made it even better with the Series 2 offering. And we're really proud of the growth of the business. The watch units more than doubled in six of our top ten markets, which is phenomenal growth, particularly in a non-holiday quarter. And so we couldn't be more satisfied with it. As some people are doing when you begin to combine the watch revenues with the revenues for AirPods, and as you know, this was the first full quarter of shipments for AirPods. It's still very much in the ramping mode, and we're not coming close to satisfying the demand. And then add the Beats products that a group of our customers really enjoy as well, and look on the trailing 12 months – so this is not a forecast – that business was well into the Fortune 500. And so as I look at that, that's pretty fast to come that far. The watch hasn't out very long and AirPods has been out there for three, four months, and so we feel really great about it. Where does it go? I wouldn't want to comment on that, but we do have a really great pipeline here. And I think in terms of competition falling out and so forth, the watch area is really hard. It in essence from an engineering point of view is similar to a phone in terms of the intricacies and so forth. And so I'm not very surprised that some people are falling out of it. But we're very committed to it and believe that – it's already a big business and believe over time it will be even larger. Thanks for the question.
Steven M. Milunovich: Thank you. And then there was a – you mentioned the 451 Research survey. They did have a couple findings that were interesting. One is a nine-year low in iPhone purchase intent, and that might just be where you are in the cycle. And the other was a declining retention rate in the U.S. toward 80%. Any comment on either of those and whether you're concerned?
Timothy Donald Cook: I only glanced at it, and so I haven't had time to study it. But in general, what we are seeing, we're seeing what we believe to be a pause in purchases on iPhone, which we believe are due to the earlier and much more frequent reports about future iPhones. And so that part is clearly going on, and it could be what's behind the data. I don't know, but we are seeing that in full transparency.
Steven M. Milunovich: Thank you.
Timothy Donald Cook: Thanks for the question.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Steve. Can we have the next question, please?