
Operator: Our next question comes from Louis Miscioscia with Daiwa Capital Markets.
Louis Miscioscia: Okay and thank you for taking my question. Tim, when you look at the four things that you have announced. And I realize they have different dates when they're coming out but, which ones would you say over the next 12 months has the most potential to help your Services line? And then maybe, which one has the best long-term potential? And then, I have a quick follow-up.
Tim Cook: We're going to wait until we get these things out. And what I can tell you right now is that the -- we're taking sort of consumer interest on the Apple Card and there's been a significant level of interest on that and we're excited. As you know the -- gaming is the top category on the App Store. And so the Apple Arcade will serve some of that market. And it serves it with a different kind of game, which we think will be great for developers and great for users. The TV+ product plays in a market where it's -- there's a huge move from the cable bundle to over the top. We think that most users are going to get multiple over-the-top products. And we're going to do our best to convince them that the Apple TV+ product should be one of them. And then, we're working very hard to get everyone to give Apple News+ a look. Because we think it's a very unique product. And I love magazines. And we have really wanted to support the publishers. And so, we're working very hard to -- at the -- but at the very beginning of the ramp there. We wouldn't do a service…
Louis Miscioscia: Okay, great.
Tim Cook: …that we didn't think could be meaningful. So that's sort of the way I look at it.
Louis Miscioscia: Great.
Tim Cook: Yeah, these aren't hobbies.
Louis Miscioscia: Okay. A quick follow-up on India, obviously market share there is well below China. I believe you're looking to start manufacturing there. But what's the -- obviously the potential could be huge but the market already seems to be pretty dominated on the Android side, so maybe if you could just talk about trying to really aggressively ramp up share there. Thank you.
Tim Cook: I think India is a very important market in the long-term. It's a challenging market in the short-term. But we're learning a lot. We have started manufacturing there which is very important to be able to serve the market in a reasonable way. And we're growing that capability there. And we would like to place retail stores there. And we're working with the government to seek approval to do that. And so, we plan on going in there with sort of all of our might. We've opened a developer, accelerator there, which we're very happy with some of the things coming out of there. It's a long-term play. It's not something that's going to be on overnight huge business. But I think the growth potential is phenomenal. It doesn't bother me that it's primarily Android business at the moment because that just means there's a lot of opportunity there.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Lou. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcasts as a webcast on Apple.com/investor and via telephone. And the numbers to the telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 7060604. And these replays will be available by approximately 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of the press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414. And financial analysts can contact Matt Blake or me with additional questions. Matt is at 408-974-7406, and I'm at 408-974-5420. And thanks again for joining us.