
Operator: We'll go to Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.
A.M. Sacconaghi, Jr.: Yes, thank you. I have one and then a follow-up as well. My sense is that you talked about adjusting for the changes in channel inventory, that you're guiding for relatively normal sequential growth. And I think if you do the math, it's probably the same or perhaps a touch worse in terms of iPhone unit growth sequentially relative to normal seasonality between fiscal Q2 and Q3. I guess the question is, given that you should be entering new markets and you should see pronounced elasticity from the iPhone SE device, why wouldn't we be seeing something that was dramatically above normal seasonal in terms of iPhone revenues and units for this quarter? Maybe you could push back on me, but I can't help thinking that when Apple introduced the iPad mini in a similar move to move down-market, there was great growth for one quarter, and the iPad never grew again, and margins and ASPs went down. And it looks like you're introducing the SE, and at least on a sequential basis, you're not calling for any uplift even adjusting for channel inventory. And ASPs I presume will go down and certainly it's impacting gross margins, as you've guided to. So could you respond to, A), why you're not seeing the elasticity? And, B), is the analogy with the iPad mini completely misplaced?
Timothy Donald Cook: Toni, it's Tim. Let me see if I can address your question. The channel inventory reduction that Luca referred to, the vast, vast majority of that is in iPhone, and so that would affect the unit compare that you may be thinking about. The iPhone SE, we are thrilled with the response that we've seen on it. It is clear that there is a demand there even much beyond what we thought. And so that is really why we have the constraint that we have. And so do I think it will be like the iPad mini? No, I don't think so. I don't see that. I think that the tablet market in general, one of the challenges with the tablet market is that the replacement cycle is materially different than in the smartphone market. And so as you probably know, we haven't had an issue in customer satisfaction on the iPad. It's incredibly high. And we haven't had an issue with usage of the iPad. The usage is incredibly high. But the consumer behavior there is you tend to hold on for a very long period of time before an upgrade. We continue to be very optimistic on the iPad business. And as I had said in my remarks, we believe we're going to have the best compare for iPad revenue this quarter that we have had in quite some time. And so we'll report back in July on that one. But I think iPhone has a particularly different kind of cycle to it than the tablet market.
A.M. Sacconaghi, Jr.: Okay. And if I can follow up, Tim, you alluded to replacement cycles and differences between the iPad and the iPhone. My sense was when you were going through the iPhone 6 cycle was that you had commented that the upgrade cycle was not materially different. I think your characterization was that it accelerated a bit in the U.S. but international had grown to be a bigger part of your business, and replacement cycles there were typically a little bit longer. And so I'm wondering. If there was only a modest difference between the iPhone 5s and the iPhone 6, how big a difference are we really seeing in terms of replacement cycles across the last three generations? And maybe you can help us. If the replacement cycle was flat this year relative to what you saw last year, how different would your results have been this quarter and the first half?
Timothy Donald Cook: There's a lot there. Let me just say I don't recall saying the things that you said I said about the upgrade cycle. Let me get that out of the way. Now let me describe without the specific numbers. The iPhone 6s upgrade cycle that we've measured for the first half of this year, so the first six months of our fiscal year to be precise, is slightly better than the rate that we saw with the iPhone 5s two years ago, but it's lower than the iPhone 6. I don't mean just a hair lower. It's a lot lower. And so without giving you exact numbers, if we would have the same rate on iPhone 6s that we did iPhone 6, it would be time for a huge party. It would be a huge difference. Now the good news is – the great news from my point of view is I think we're strategically positioned very well because we've announced the iPhone SE. We are attracting customers that we previously didn't attract. That's really great. And this tough compare eventually isn't the benchmark. And the installed base is up 80% over the last two years. And so all of those I think bode well. And the switcher comments I made earlier, I wouldn't underestimate that because that's very important for us in every geography. So thanks for the question.
A.M. Sacconaghi, Jr.: Thank you.
Nancy Paxton: Thanks, Toni. Can we have the next question, please?