
Operator: From Morgan Stanley, Katy Huberty.
Katy Huberty: Yes, thanks. I appreciate the macro comments as it relates to guidance, but can you talk a little bit about how you're thinking consumers might react from an ASP perspective? Do you expect consumers to move down the product line, given the macro environment? And then also, how is channel inventory influencing guidance? Do you feel like channel inventory needs to come down, given the demand trends? And then I have a follow-up.
Luca Maestri: Couple of points here, Katy. Our iPhone ASP was $691 during the December quarter. We couldn't be happier with the level of ASP that we generated in the December quarter. Keep in mind that the foreign exchange impact on that number was $49. So, obviously, the mix of products was very strong. We had great reception for the new iPhones that we launched at the end of September. Of course, we have a very strong mid-tier this year in the portfolio, with 6 and 6 Plus. But overall, when you look at the outcome during the December quarter, it was very, very strong. So, we feel very good about that and we feel that we have a very, very strong portfolio for iPhone. On the question around channel inventory, we entered the quarter, the December quarter -- and we mentioned it back in October below our target range of five to seven weeks. We have built a bit of inventory during the course of the December quarter. But we have exited at the low end of the five to seven weeks. So, we feel that we are in good shape there. And we've exited the quarter also on iPad and Mac well within the ranges that we want to have.
Katy Huberty: And then as a follow-up, back in October you guided fiscal 2016 CapEx up over 30%. What's driving that growth? Can you sort of rank it between equipment purchases, data center, and real estate? And given the slowdown that you started to see in December, are you still comfortable with that level of investment growth? Thanks.
Luca Maestri: Yes. So that is kind of the ranking, Katy. It starts always for us with our tooling and manufacturing process equipment and that is up a bit year-over-year. Then we've got data centers and data centers is a growing expenditure for us, because, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, our installed base of customers and devices is growing, and is growing very significantly. And the data center capacity that we put in place is to provide the services that are tied to the installed base. So, that type of expenditure goes together with the installed base. And then around facilities, you probably know that we are nearing completion of our new campus here in Cupertino, and so this is the year where we've got our peak requirements in terms of capital.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Katy. Could we have the next question please?