
Operator: [Operation Instructions] First we will hear from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Kathryn L. Huberty: Yes, thanks. Good afternoon. While the year on year iPhone growth was very attractive, the sequential unit decline in the June quarter was worse than the past two years. Why do you think that was, and in particular, why drain channel inventory when iPhone 6 is selling so well? And then I have a follow-up.
Timothy D. Cook: Katy, it's Tim. As Luca mentioned, the channel inventory did go down by 600,000. We sold more units than we thought we would and so that was a part of that. The other part of it is that we always run with just the amount of inventory that we think we need. And so to the degree that sales are distributed in the countries with disproportionally with shorter supply chains, or the standard deviation demand is less, we would always choose to have less. And so in this particular quarter, we were able to end basically right at the bottom end of our range and we view that as a good thing, not a bad thing. Obviously the revenues could have been much higher if we would have expanded the channel, but if you don't need to do that, that's not how we think about the business. We run the business for the long term, not the 90-day clock. In terms of what's going on with iPhone, the 35% growth is almost three times the market. And if you look at it at a little narrower regional level, Western Europe grew 30% versus a market of 7%, so four times market. Japan grew over five times market. We doubled in Korea versus a market that was shrinking. And India we grew at 93% and this is on top of the Greater China numbers that we've already covered that grew 87% during the quarter against a market of 5%. And so we did exceptionally well I think in any way that you look at it. In terms of the percentage of customers that have upgraded to a 6 and 6 Plus versus that have not upgraded, it's 73%, or meaning that 27% of the installed base of customers prior to the launch of 6 and 6 Plus have now upgraded. And so we view that as a very bullish sign on the future, that there's a lot of headroom left for upgraders. We also are incredibly happy to see the highest Android switcher rate that we've observed. And so from our point of view, the iPhone is doing outstanding.
Kathryn L. Huberty: So Tim, just to extend that conversation to the longer term, as I'm sure you're aware, you're lapping some pretty significant comps as it relates to the upgrades that you're talking about as well as significant growth in China. What is the framework that you use to convince yourselves that iPhone units can continue to grow over the longer term?
Timothy D. Cook: Well you know, Katy, we purposely just give guidance for the current quarter and we've done that. And obviously the kind of numbers that we have indicated growth in the revenue means that iPhone would have another stellar quarter. And so we're very confident that this quarter is going to be great. How the future looks, we'll take it one quarter at a time. But as I back up from it and look at it more from a macro point of view, the things that makes me very bullish is the 27% number I just quoted, the fact that we are seeing the highest Android switcher rate, the customer satisfaction that we have on the iPhone versus the competition. It's a huge margin. The loyalty rate that we have versus competition, an enormous gap there. I also look at the first time iPhone buyers and we're still seeing very, very large numbers in the countries that you would want to see those in, like China and Russia and Brazil and so forth. I also see a market that over a five-year horizon, if you look at the IDC numbers, is projected to grow from 1.3 million in 2014 to over 1.9 billion – this is billion, rather, billion in 2019. And so it's an incredible market. I think everybody's going to own a smartphone, and I think we've proven that we can compete for a fair number of those, as you can see from our results.
Kathryn L. Huberty: Great. Thank you very much.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Katy. Could we have the next question, please?