
Operator: And that will come from Tony Sacconaghi with Sanford Bernstein.
Tony Sacconaghi: I just wanted to revisit the watch. Tim, I think you’ve said, when you were talking about your new products, you said we’re “very happy with the reception” and in response to a previous answer, you said, “relative to demand, it’s hard to gauge with no product in the stores.” I would say relative to other product launches, where your commentary around demand was characterized by superlative after superlative, that assessment feels very modest. And part of the reason that I ask is A) are we reading you right in terms of that, but if we look at consensus, consensus is expecting that Apple will ship more watches in its first two quarters than it did iPad, despite, as you said, very limited distribution in terms of only selling through your store. So I’m wondering if you could talk a little bit about putting those demand comments in context given that they do seem different from how you’ve characterized product demand for other products, and how, if at all, we should think about modeling demand in the context, perhaps, of the iPad, which was your most recent significant new category.
Tim Cook: I’m thrilled with it, Tony, so I don’t want you to read anything I’m saying any way other than that. So I’m not sure how to say that any clearer than that. And in any situation, whether it’s the watch or in the past on iPad or on iPhone, when demand is much greater than supply, it’s difficult to gauge exactly what it is. And so as you know, we don’t make long term forecasts on here. We make forecasts for the current quarter. And so I don’t want to make any comment about the consensus numbers. Honestly, I haven’t even studied those. We’ve got enough to think about here. I feel really great about it. The customer response, literally, from what I’ve seen, is close to 100% positive. And so it’s hard to imagine it being better.
Tony Sacconaghi: You talked about the watch having lower margins in the third quarter, which is surprising A) I think in the context of price points that many people thought were higher, B) in the context of what luxury watches sell for, C) I think in terms of what estimated margins might be installed on accessories like your watch band. So I’m wondering if you believe that the watch’s gross margins are being burdened by lower volumes and startup costs, and that you believe that as a category, watch margins will be, in total, including everything else that you sell with it, on a sustained basis, lower than the company average.
Tim Cook: Tony, we’re not going to guide to or give projections of gross margin outside of the current quarter. And so what we have right now, which is a situation, it’s not surprising to us, we knew we would be here, is that the watch gross margins for the current quarter that we’ve included in the guidance that Luca’s provided in the aggregate, are lower than the company average. And so that to us is intuitive that they would be. And so I think we must be just looking at it through a different lens than you are.
Tony Sacconaghi: I guess the question is is there anything unique about it being in its first quarter that it’s providing that margin profile?
Tim Cook: In the first quarter with any new kind of product, you would always have learning and these sorts of things. We’ve had this with every product we’ve ever done. And so again, we’re not guiding to what it will be over time. We’re talking about what it is now. But you know, I would keep in mind that the functionality of the product that we’re making is absolutely incredible, the power of it. And I haven’t even seen this, but generally, there’s cost breakdowns that come out around our products that are much different than the reality. I’ve never seen one that is anywhere close to being accurate. And so if that’s the basis for your comment, I’d really dig on the data if I were you.