
Operator: We'll go to Gene Munster with Piper Jaffray.
Gene Munster: A couple of questions for Tim. First, any updates on Apple TV or your broader biz in the living room? And second a high level question about Apple Pay and some of the successes at point-of-sales. Can you talk a little bit about if in app is important or how important that is? And potentially how the product could evolve over time? Could you see this becoming more consumer to consumer or more just kind of a broader payment platform? Thank you.
Tim Cook: Gene, on Apple TV, we had a solid quarter with existing product. We’ve sold 25 million Apple TVs now which at the sake of repeating myself, it’s something that we continue to look at and work on and find a way that we can make even greater contribution than what we’re doing. On Apple Pay, both the contactless payment and the in app are both important. I think they are both huge opportunities. I think they’ll play out differently in different geographic regions as to which one is larger than the other and well likely -- the mix of those things will change over time as more and more commerce flows across apps and so forth. In terms of how it evolves, I think we're in the first inning on it. I'm not -- we haven’t even completed the first inning yet. There's tons of things on our roadmap of adding functionality to it. We’re obviously -- we're just in the U.S. right now and so there's tons of countries to go to and there is not a day that goes by that I don’t get notes from many businesses outside U.S. running Apple Pay and banks and merchants. And of course we still have a lot of merchants left in the U.S. But I have to tell you that given that we’ve launched in October, I'm actually unbelievably shocked, positively shocked at how many merchants were able to implement Apple Pay in the heart of their holiday season, because generally most people sort of lock down and don’t do very much. But we were able to get this in a lot of different merchants and I give them a lot of credit for that. But I think we’re just on the front end. And I think that this is the year of Apple Pay. And some of the things you mentioned and others are all things that we’re looking at and in many cases working on in terms of where it can take us.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Gene. Could we have the next question please?