
Operator: That will come from Evercore’s Amit Daryanani.
Amit Daryanani: Yes. Thanks a lot guys. I guess two questions from me as well. First one, Tim, if you think about the Services business, less than $2 billion away from the targets you had laid out a few years back. But I am wondering if you think about the growth rates you've had in the business over the last several years, the high-teens average, I think, how much of that do you think was driven by the installed base growing versus incremental monetization of the installed base. And do you see that ratio essentially flipping or changing as you go forward?
Tim Cook: I think, we have opportunities, Amit, in both the growth of the installed base as Luca mentioned in his comments, we continue to grow across every category, hit new highs in the last quarter and we hit new highs in all of our top 20 markets.And so the installed base is clearly a piece of it getting the trade-in program going, and the secondary market moving has been helpful in that as well. And, of course, ultimately the thing that builds the installed base is to make customers happy, and that's our -- always our top objective is to have satisfied customers.The other thing that is obviously happening is in many areas, the ARPU is increasing. And so, as there is more offers out there, I mean the one that is today getting the attention is on the streaming side.But if you look at the number of services that have been added over the years, it's significant and people love them. And so it's really both of those. And obviously in - finally in getting more people that are enjoying things for free to - let to pay for some of the premium services. So it's sort of all three of those.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. And if I was just kind of go back to the variables discussion, especially as I think about Apple Watch and AirPods, is there a central way to think about what's the attach rate today to iOS devices for Apple Watch and AirPod update.I just want to understand if I think about 900 million plus iPhone installed base, what kind of penetration do you have at Wearables and how long could this one maybe as you go forward?
Tim Cook: We’re not releasing the precise numbers of our Wearables, but it is a really nice try and get me to say that. The -- what we're seeing in terms of new adds on the Watch, I think Luca may have mentioned this in his comments is about three-quarters of the Apple Watch buyers are new to Apple Watch.And so we are still insignificantly in the build mode there, and so don't think of the penetration as anywhere near sort of a mature penetration. We got lot left there, and the AirPods just keep hitting new highs.And I anticipate that will carry over to this quarter too and we are really proud to add another product out there for people wanting noise-cancelling with the AirPod Pro beginning to sell today.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Amit. Could we have the next question please?