
Operator: From Bernstein, we'll go to Toni Sacconaghi.
A.M. Sacconaghi, Jr.: Yes, thank you. I have two as well. First, Tim, I'm wondering if you can comment on your recent decision and the rationale for withholding royalty payments to Qualcomm. And really specifically, I wonder what you believe is the risk that Qualcomm could have a detrimental response, such as withholding modem chip sales or potentially even getting an injunction on iPhones in select geographies around the world. And I'd like to understand your perspective on whether either of those are real risk to any degree. And why would Apple potentially take on those risks just in advance of what will arguably be your most significant and largest product launch in history?
Timothy Donald Cook: Anyone that has a standards-essential patent has a responsibility to offer it to everyone that would like it under what are called FRAND terms. FRAND stands for fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory terms. That's both the price and the business terms. Qualcomm has not made such an offer to Apple. And so I don't believe that a – I don't believe anyone is going to decide to enjoin the iPhone based on that. I think that there's plenty of case law around that subject, but we shall see. In terms of why we're withholding royalties, you can't pay something when there's a dispute about the amount. You don't know how much to pay. And so they think we owe some amount, we think we owe a different amount, and there hasn't been a meeting of the minds there. And so at this point, we need the courts to decide that. Unless we are able to, over time, settle between us on some amount, but right now we're depending upon the courts to do that. And so that is the thinking. The reason that we're pursuing this is that Qualcomm's trying to charge Apple a percentage of the total iPhone value. And they do some really great work around standards-essential patents, but it's one small part of what an iPhone is. It's not – it has nothing do with the display or the Touch ID or a gazillion other innovations that Apple has done. And so we don't think that's right, and so we're taking a principled stand on it. And we strongly believe we're in the right, and I'm sure they believe that they are. And that's what courts are for. And so we'll let it go with that.
A.M. Sacconaghi, Jr.: Thank you. I was wondering if I could just follow up a little bit on iPhone demand. If I try and adjust for the drawdown in inventory and the extra week last quarter, I think sequentially iPhones declined about 27% if I make those adjustments. And that's actually quite a bit lower than the normal seasonality we would see from Q1 to Q2, which is typically closer to 20%. I understand your comments around China, but your comparison was 40 points easier this quarter relative to last quarter. And the growth rate improved only marginally, I think, when you adjust for the extra week. And then you made a final comment around a pause on iPhones. So I'm wondering if you could maybe elaborate on, was the below sequential, at least by my calculation, growth rate in Q2 attributable to a pause? And can you characterize what you think upgrade rates are doing, perhaps broadly by geography, to help us better understand what might be happening, or whether there are competitive dynamics that also are at play here that, again, might be contributing to that pause and that sequential decline that I referenced? Thank you.
Timothy Donald Cook: There are a lot of questions there. Let me give you some color as I see it. In this quarter, we reduced channel inventory by 1.2 million units. And so if you look on a year-over-year basis, which is primarily what we look at from a unit point of view because it would have the seasonality embedded in that, we grew sell-through on a year-over-year basis. Last quarter, I'm sure other folks remember, was a 14-week quarter, and so you have to adjust the rates last quarter to get at what the underlying sell-through growth was. And so I think that when you do that, you're going to find that actually the year-over-year performance is similar between the quarters. In terms of upgraders, we saw the largest absolute number of upgraders ever in any six-month period in the first half of this year, first half of this fiscal year to be precise. And we saw the largest absolute number of switchers outside of Greater China in the same period that we've ever seen. And so in four of the five operating segments, as I think Luca mentioned in his comments, we had very good growth. And it was really propelled by the demand for iPhone 7 Plus, which is growing incredibly fast around the world. And so that's kind of the color I would add there, and hopefully some of that is useful for you.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Toni. Could we have the next question, please?