
Operator: From Bernstein, Toni Sacconaghi.
Antonio M. Sacconaghi: Yes, thank you. I just wanted to better understand the upgrade rate dynamics. So I think iPhone units on a sell-through basis were up about 8%. You had an extra week, which gave you about 8%. I understand there were differences of the timing of the launch. So making all those adjustments, it looks like iPhone units were probably up low single digits. But, Luca, you alluded to the fact that your install base was growing double digits. So that would suggest to me that the upgrade rate, the upgrade percentage is actually declining. And more specifically, I'd just like your broader perspective on how investors should think about upgrade rates. It looked like they peaked in the iPhone 6 cycle, and it looks like they've been extending – going lower. Replacement cycles have been extending over the last couple years. I think some of the U.S. carriers alluded to that as well. So I'm wondering if you could step back and just talk a little bit more broadly about how investors should think about or what the trajectory has been over the last two years and how investors should think going forward. Do you believe there are opportunities for that upgrade rate to improve or replacement cycles to accelerate going forward? And what are some of the considerations we should think about?
Luca Maestri: I think it's a good question, a number of points that I want to make. Starting with the growth in the install base of iPhones, yes, it's growing strong double digits, and that's very good for us for a number of reasons, including the fact that it's a big driver for our Services business. When we look at it geographically, I think we see different developments. For example, we felt very, very good about the unit growth that we had in many markets around the world. You've been quoting an overall total company growth rate. But when we look at a country-specific level, there were a lot of countries, I would say the majority of the countries, where iPhone units grew strong double digits, starting here in the United States, where for example, the fact that annual upgrade programs are becoming more and more popular is proving to be a positive for us. Same happened in a number of countries around the world, starting with Canada and Australia but also many places in Western Europe as well. Japan grew double digits in terms of units. So I think geographically we are seeing very, very good performance. The point that I think I need to make when you think about upgrade rates, clearly, this issue of the strong dollar doesn't help us. Could we sell significantly more and significantly faster from an upgrade cycle standpoint in places outside the United States, where we've been forced to increase prices by up to 20%, 30%, 40% in certain countries? And you think about the impact that this is having on local demand, obviously that doesn't help us. But overall, I would say as Tim said, when we look at the upgrade rate for and we look at it from the standpoint of the new phones, right, the new generation phones, the upgrade rate, the percentage of people that have upgraded to the new phone has been very similar to what we've seen last year. The 6 cycle was certainly a phenomenal cycle. There was pent-up demand for the larger screen phones. And certainly as we look ahead, we have a role to play. The more we're able to innovate with new generations of products, clearly that plays a role in the upgrade rate.
Antonio M. Sacconaghi: Okay, thank you. Tim, I have a question for you. Back in April 2012, you said on one of these earnings calls that I've always hated litigation and I continue to hate it, and I highly prefer to settle versus battle. Yet you recently decided to initiate a lawsuit against Qualcomm. I'm wondering if you can comment on the ostensible change or departure from this viewpoint, and what would be a successful end result of this litigation, and whether you can confirm whether there's any potential gross margin risk in the future as a result of this litigation.
Timothy Donald Cook: I feel the same way I did in April of 2012. I don't like litigation and view it as a last resort. And so you should take from our filing that we viewed it as we didn't see another way forward. They were insisting on charging royalties for technologies that they had nothing to do with. And so we were in a situation where the more we innovated with unique features like Touch ID or advanced displays or cameras, just to name a few, the more money Qualcomm would collect for no reason and the more expensive it would be therefore for us to innovate. And so it's somewhat like buying a sofa, and you charge somebody a different price depending upon the price of the house that it goes into. Just from our point of view, this doesn't make sense, and we don't believe it will pass muster in the courts. In addition to that, as a part of their increasingly radical steps they were taking to try to hold up that model, they withheld $1 billion in payments that they owed us. And so we felt like we had no choice was the net of it. In terms of where it goes, we'll see. I don't like litigation. And so if there's another way, then that would be great, but at this point I don't see it. I fully expect at this point in time that it will take some time, but in the end I think common sense will prevail and the courts will see it for what it is. And so that's the way I see it. Thanks for your question.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Toni. Could we have the next question, please?