
Operator: That will come from Bernstein’s Toni Sacconaghi.
Toni Sacconaghi: Yes. Thank you. I think this is for Luca, and then I have a follow-up as well. If I look at your guidance, the midpoint of your guidance for revenues on a sequential basis, it's up about 36.5%. Historically, fiscal Q4 to Q1 was up 50% or more, and even last year given that iPhone is a slower growing product, you guided for revenues to be up 45% sequentially.So given the enthusiasm about the iPhone 11 launch and the new Wearables products and the new services, I guess the question is, why is your guidance not stronger for Q1 on the top line?And is that sort of a reflection of conservatism given that there's a lot of uncertainty in the world and we certainly saw that last year? Or are there other forces at work that we should be considered?
Luca Maestri: Toni, thanks for the question. The guidance that we are providing if you look at it at the midpoint implies an acceleration of growth from the performance that we've seen during the course of fiscal 2019.As I said earlier, foreign exchange is clearly a headwind for us right now. This is about $1.1 billion of negative foreign exchange on a year-over-year basis. So that is something to keep in mind.We feel very good as Tim said about the iPhone, the way the new cycle has started, and we do expect an improvement in our year-over-year growth rate on iPhone. Wearables has very, very strong momentum. The portfolio of services also has incredible momentum.One thing to keep in mind as we look at this guidance range is the fact that we also contemplated the comparison to the launch of the iPad Pro, a year ago for iPad as well as the new MacBook Air that was launched during the December quarter last year.So for the iPad and Mac categories, you need to keep in mind that our launch timing is different on a year-over-year basis.
Toni Sacconaghi: Okay. Thank you for that. And then if I could follow-up, just on the bundling of Apple TV+, I guess for you, Tim, this is really the first time we've seen a significant bundling of services offering and hardware offering.And I'm wondering if you view this as kind of a strategic advantage of Apple and whether we might see more hardware plus services offerings - bundled offerings, and ultimately do you - do you ever believe that your hardware itself might be offered as a bundled service.And maybe while we're on that either you or Luca could give us the 30 second tutorial on how we should think about the deferred revenue accounting? Approximately how much of the $60 are you going to be deferring, and what's your expectation for attach rate on that? Thank you.
Luca Maestri: Let me cover the accounting issue first. Obviously, we need to make some assumptions around the take rate of our customers on the -- on Apple TV+, right. And we don't want to get into the details of that because we do those assumptions as confidential and competitively sensitive.But you need to keep in mind that we contemplate a number of factors including the fact that we have family sharing as part of the service, the fact that there are multiple device purchases, the geographic availability around the world, the availability of local content at the beginning of the service, how many people do we have with payment methods on file.So we use all these things to make assumptions around what the take rate is going to be. Obviously, those assumptions will possibly change over time as we get more information on how the customers behave. We haven't launched the service yet - we're going to serve - serving our customers tomorrow. So we'll see how it goes, but we take into account all these different factors.
Tim Cook: On the bundle question, Toni, we look at each service, and decide what's best to do for it and with TV+, we concluded that a great way to get more people to see the content would be to do this, and it would be a good gift for our users, and so that's what we're doing.You can also see that on the other services we're not doing that. And so it's not part of a broader pattern, or although I wouldn't want to rule out for the future that we might not see another opportunity at some point in time.In terms of hardware as a service or as a bundle, if you will, there are customers today that essentially view the hardware like that because they are on upgrade plans and so forth. And so to some degree that exists today, my perspective is that we will grow in the future to larger numbers that will grow disproportionately.And one of the things we are doing is trying to make it simpler and simpler for people to get on these sort of monthly financing kind of things. That's a part of what we announced with the Apple Card earlier in the call and so we are cognizant that there are lots of users out there that want sort of a recurring payment like that and the receipt of new products on some sort of standard kind of basis and we are committed to make that easier to do than perhaps it is today.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Toni. Could we have the next question please?