
Operator: The next question will come from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much. Can you talk a bit about what's going on within services, some of the puts and takes? Luca, you gave us some color in terms of the growth rates in that, but I'm just curious and I know you won't talk about future products, but as you think about the opportunity, you think about what you've got now and in the future and then some of what’s been going on with China and that, is this something that could reaccelerate, or again, the 18% on a constant currency basis is obviously quite strong. But, how are you thinking about it?
Luca Maestri: Yes. I think it's important to start with that 18% in constant currencies, Shannon. Our reported results are on a normalized basis, removing the one-time item from last year, was 15%. Clearly FX, plays a role around the world, 300 basis points of FX impact during the June quarter. In spite of that, it was an all-time record revenue. Our installed base continues to grow. It's growing in every geography and it's growing across all our major product categories, and that is very, very important for the services business.I would say, I'll give you a bit more color around two offsetting factors around this performance during the June quarter. On one side, the App Store, I mentioned in my prepared remarks that growth accelerated sequentially. We had double-digit growth on the App Store in every geography. In China, we saw significant acceleration. As you know, we tend to monetize in China on the App Store through game titles and the government has approved a few key game titles during the quarter. That has helped our performance there.On the other side, AppleCare, I mentioned AppleCare was an all-time record in June, so really strong performance, but our growth has decelerated in AppleCare due to factors that we fully expected, because we are comping this expansion of our coverage for AppleCare that we've had significant success during the last 18 to 24 months in really broadening our coverage of AppleCare around the world with some key partners, carriers and resellers. And obviously, as we go through the year those comps become a bit more difficult.Having said all that, that we've given ourselves a couple of targets and we feel very confident about reaching those targets. The first one is that, we wanted to double the size of the services business from our fiscal 2016 to 2020. We are on our way there. Paid subscriptions is another target, is important to us. It's an important way for us to monetize our ecosystem. We set a target of surpassing 0.5 billion paid subscriptions on the ecosystem during 2020. We’re already at 420 million now. So, we feel confident there.And of course, as you mentioned, we're very excited about the fact that we're going to be launching new services soon. As Tim said, we're starting the rollout of Apple Card in August, and there's two more very important services that we’re going to be adding to our portfolio during the fall. One is Apple Arcade, which is our gaming subscription service, and then of course Apple TV+, which is our video streaming service. So obviously these services will help us carry on with the momentum that we had in services.
Shannon Cross: Great. Thank you. And this is probably for you too as well, Luca. Can you talk about gross margin? The guidance was pretty solid. Obviously, there are various things that are at play here. I know you mentioned $1 billion worth of top-line impact, I think from, currency last quarter. Then maybe if you can kind of talk about what went into your gross margin guidance.
Luca Maestri: Yes. So of course, Shannon, as you've seen, our guidance for margin is 50 basis points higher than the guidance that we had given for June. I would say on the positive, we expect to benefit from leverage. As you've seen from our revenue guidance, and from cost savings, because as you know the commodity environment is fairly favorable right now. On the negative side, the headwind on gross margins on a year-over-year basis from foreign exchange is about 100 basis points. And so, we need to keep that in mind. But we feel pretty good about the guidance we provided.
Nancy Paxton: Thanks Shannon. Could we have the next question please.