
Operator: That will come from Bill Shope with Goldman Sachs.
William C. Shope: Okay, great. Thank you. Could you walk us through the key factors behind your gross margin range for the September quarter and in particular how we should think about the sequential ForEx impact this quarter and the impact of a potential product transition cost?
Luca Maestri: Definitely. This is Luca. So we got into 38.5% to 39.5%, and so just keep in mind last year in Q4, our gross margin declined by 140 basis points sequentially. So this year we're expecting a sequential decline of 220 basis points. I would point to three main factors for the decline. First of all, to your point around foreign exchange, it continues to be a challenging environment given the strengthening of the US dollar. In our case, the impact on margin after the hedges is going to be about 30 basis points for Q4. Also, I want to point to a different mix, which is typical of our seasonality as we enter the back-to-school season during Q4. And thirdly, the transition cost that you've mentioned as we prepare for a busy fall. And so those are the three factors that will have an impact on gross margin sequentially. I would point that in general costs continue to be, particularly commodity costs continue to be favorable and so there would be a partial offset to the factors that I mentioned.
William C. Shope: Okay, thanks. And then could you give us a bit more color on the mix dynamics for the iPhone in the June quarter and how this compares to prior generations and your expectations? Obviously there continues to be an upward bias helping the ASPs as you mentioned, but could you give us a bit more detail on what exactly you're seeing here? Particularly I think it's interesting in the context of a continued tilt towards the emerging regions obviously.
Luca Maestri: Yeah, so as we mentioned, the ASP for iPhone was up $99, 18% increase year-over-year and this is really driven by the mix, by the fact that we've added iPhone 6 Plus to a new price point and in general, iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are doing extremely well as a percentage of the portfolio. And keep in mind that this $99 was partially offset by $24 of unfavorable foreign exchange. So the number would have been even better. So yes, clearly 6 and 6 Plus. And I think we talked about it in prior calls, the 6 Plus is doing particularly well in the markets that you would expect, Greater China, other Asian markets. Those are markets where our growth rates are particularly strong and the 6 Plus, because of the screen size, is doing extremely well.
William C. Shope: All right. Thank you.
Nancy Paxton: Thanks, Bill. Could we have the next question, please?