
Operator: First we'll hear from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Kathryn Lynn Huberty: Yes, thanks. My first question is for Luca around gross margins. How were you able to expand gross margins sequentially and guide rather seasonally for the June quarter in light of what's going on in the memory market. And maybe if you can, comment in particular whether the hold back of payments to Qualcomm is benefiting you at all on gross margins year on year, and also whether your contracts around commodity prices is likely to hit gross margins by more in the back half of this calendar year.
Luca Maestri: Thank you, Katy, a lot of questions. Let me take them one by one. Let me start with our performance for the March quarter, which we were very happy with. As you said, we were up 40 basis points sequentially. And this is in spite of the fact, as you know, that we lose leverage as we go from the December quarter to the March quarter. The foreign exchange headwind on a sequential basis was 100 basis points. Obviously, that was also a negative. And as you said, we started to experience some level of cost pressure on the memory side, particularly on NAND and DRAM. To offset that, and actually do better than that, we had very good cost performance on other commodities. And the fact that our Services mix increases as we go through the year, that is of course also helping, given the profile of our gross margin for Services. So that answers the question around Q2. As we move into the June quarter, as you know, we tend to have some level of gross margin compression as we go from the March quarter to the June quarter. Again, the majority of that comes from the sequential loss of leverage. We also have a different mix of products as we move into the June quarter, and the cost pressures on memory will remain. We expect to offset partially these impacts with other cost efficiencies, and again, with a mix shift towards Services. The impact on NAND and DRAM will continue to be there, and we expect it to be there. You know we don't guide past the June quarter, but we expect it to be there for the time being. On Qualcomm, I just want to make it very, very clear that we are accruing. We do not expect to be paying more than what we are accruing right now. So we didn't get any benefit in our P&L, in our margins, during the March quarter, and we're not getting any benefit during the June quarter either.
Kathryn Lynn Huberty: Okay, thank you. And just a follow-up for Tim, as you noted in your remarks, the iPhone 7 Plus demand, it's selling incredibly well. And this was a product that was pretty severely supply-constrained in the December quarter. And I just wonder whether there are any lessons learned as you go forward into future product launches around how you manage the timing of announcing a product when there are supply constraints, and how you might work with the supply chain differently around ramping some of these components that have particular difficulties around the yields early on.
Timothy Donald Cook: Katy, one of the things that we did not get right was the mix between the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus. There was – wound up that demand was much stronger to the iPhone 7 Plus than we had predicted. And so it took us a little while to adjust all the way back through the supply chain and to bring iPhone 7 Plus into balance, which occurred early this past quarter. What did we learn from it? Every time we go through a launch, we learn something. And you can bet that we're brushing up our models, and we'll apply everything we learn to the next time.
Kathryn Lynn Huberty: Thank you.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Katy. Could we have the next question, please?