
Operator: From Bernstein, we'll hear from Toni Sacconaghi.
Toni Sacconaghi: Yes. Thank you. I have a question, a follow-up, please. To start, just on iPhones, it looks like your guidance implies about a 15% to 20% unit decline in iPhones for fiscal Q2, which I think, unless you really see a change in demand profile in the second half, suggests that iPhone units will decline year-over-year for fiscal 2016. And I'd like you to address that question, because the obvious follow-up questions are is that because you believe the smartphone market won't grow or because Apple may be reaching saturation in the market? Is that because Apple's replacement cycle accelerated last year and is decelerating this year and that's why we'll see a decline in units? Or is there something about Apple's ability to gain share in a market where the market is moving to much lower price points? But I'm wondering, and Tim, maybe you're best to answer it, if you can address what appears likely to be a decline in iPhone units and how we put that in the context of how we should think about that, given some healthy data around switchers that you highlighted.
Tim Cook: Toni, we do think that iPhone units will decline in the quarter. We don't think that they will decline to the levels that you're talking about. We aren't projecting beyond the quarter, as Luca mentioned earlier. But at this point in time, we see that Q2 is the toughest compare. We believe it's the toughest compare because of the year ago quarter also had catch up in it from Q1. If you recall, we were heavily supply constrained throughout the whole of Q1 and so some of that demand moved into Q2. Plus we're in an environment now that is dramatically different from a macroeconomic point of view than last Q2, from a currency point of view, from the level of which we've had to adjust pricing in several of these markets, and sort pf the overall [Indiscernible] in virtually every country in the world. And so it's really all of those factors that play in there and it's difficult to sort out how much is due to which one.
Toni Sacconaghi: Right. I mean can you speak to any of the points around your expectation for the smartphone market or whether you think your replacement cycle has changed or whether your ability to gain share has changed?
Tim Cook: The market itself, we don't spend a lot of time on predicting. Our view has always been that if we do -- if we make a great product and have a great experience that we ought to be able to convince enough people to move over. And so as I look at sort of your -- maybe your broader umbrella point about a question on saturation, the metrics I see would strongly suggest otherwise. For example, almost half of the iPhones that we sold in China last quarter were to people who were buying their first iPhone. And certainly if you go outside of China into the other emerging markets, our share is much lower and the LTE penetration is so low, I mean in some cases, it's zero, that it indicates to me that there's still a lot of people, a tremendous number of people in the world, that will buy smartphones and we ought to be able to win over our fair share of those.
Toni Sacconaghi: Okay. And I just have clarifications; I don't really have a follow-up question. Luca you had talked about channel inventory increasing, it was 18.4 million for iPhone last quarter. Can you tell us how many more units you had this quarter? And then I'm not sure if I misheard you, but I think you said your total installed base grew 25% year-over-year. Can you confirm that? Because if services grew at 13% and your installed base grew at 25%, it almost implies your penetration of your installed base, in terms of your ability to sell services, is going down.
Luca Maestri: So, -- maybe I'm going to start with services, Toni. The reason why we added this -- I think it's page three of our supplemental material, is to try and explain that a couple of steps. The first one is that of the services that we report, there's a portion, about 85% of all of the services that we report is directly tied to the installed base. There is a smaller portion of our services business that is not related to installed base and more related to when we sell a device. A perfect example would be an Apple Care agreement that you purchase at the time of the sale of the device. And then we are showing that on that portion of installed base driven services business, there is a part that is related to -- where we recognize revenue in terms of the full transaction value. And then there are transactions, like for example, App Store sales, where a portion of the transaction does not get recognized by Apple, but it goes to the developer. So, when you look at it from a purchase value standpoint, actually in the December quarter, we grew 24%, and for the fiscal 2015, we grew at 23%. So, we are growing at very, very healthy levels okay. And to reconfirm the growth of the installed base, yes, it was over 25%. To the question around the channel inventory for iPhone, we grew channel inventory by 3.3 million units during the course of the December quarter. Keep in mind; we started in acquisition where we were below our targeted range. We were significantly short at the beginning of the quarter.
Toni Sacconaghi: Thank you.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Toni. Could we have the next question please?