
Operator: We'll go to Shannon Cross with Cross Research.
Shannon S. Cross: Thank you very much for taking my question. Tim, could you talk a bit about what you're seeing in China? I think obviously, there continues to be strong demand for smartphones. But perhaps mix shift, I think you brought back the iPhone 6 this quarter to be a bit more price aggressive. And then can you just talk a bit about how you see that market developing with the growth of WeChat and some of the other developments that are happening there? Thank you.
Timothy Donald Cook: Yeah. Thanks, Shannon. We were very encouraged by the results this quarter. We improved as we thought we would from the previous quarters a little more than I thought we would. If you look underneath the numbers, mainland China was actually flat year-over-year during Q3. And in constant currency terms, we were actually up 6% in mainland China. And so we're very encouraged about that. iPad grew dramatically more than the market. The Mac grew much more than the market. iPhone was relatively flat year-on-year, similar as the market was. And so we see all of those as very encouraging signs. On top of that, Services grew extremely strongly during the quarter. Hong Kong continued to drag down the total Greater China segment. But on a sequential basis, we're probably at the trough of that, which is nice. With the peg to the dollar there from a currency point of view and tourism being what it is, I don't really know when that market will come back. But what we see on the mainland is definitely much more encouraging. It's interesting to note that upgraders both for the quarter and actually for the full fiscal year to-date was our highest ever, and so that we felt very good about. In terms of WeChat, the way that I look at this is because our share – because iOS share is not nearly a majority of the market in China, the fact that a lot of people use that, it makes the switching opportunity even greater. And I think that's more the case than the risk that a lot of folks have pointed out. And so I see Tencent as one of our biggest and best developers. They've done a great job of implementing a lot of iOS features in their apps and we're looking forward to working with them even more to build even greater experiences for our mutual users in China.
Shannon S. Cross: Great. Thank you. And then can you talk a bit about the composition of the installed base of iPhones at this point, as obviously we're getting close to a refresh? Just you brought in the iPhone SE. You've obviously had strength at the high end. I'm just trying to think about what percent do you think have upgraded in the prior generation, any color you can give us on that?
Timothy Donald Cook: From an absolute quantity point of view, the upgrades for this fiscal year are the highest that we've seen. And so we feel good about that. However, if you look at it from an upgrade rate point of view instead of the absolute number, the rate is similar to what we saw with the previous iPhones, except for iPhone 6, which as we called out in the past had an abnormally high upgrade rate. We do think that based on the amount of rumors and the volume of them that there is some pause in our current numbers. And so where that affects us in the short-term, even though we had great results, it probably bodes well later on.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Shannon. Could we have the next question, please?