
Operator: We'll go to Rod Hall with JPMorgan.
Rod B. Hall: Yeah, hi, guys. Thanks for the question. I had one for Luca and then a follow-up for Tim. So, Luca, I wanted to ask about the gross margin guidance. I think that the Street and we were expecting something a little bit higher. And again, that's about 50 basis points lower and the Street it was I think 70 basis points lower. And I'm just curious, do you think that people are mis-modeling that or is there something going on with pricing or mix there that you could provide us more color on? So that's my first question.
Luca Maestri: Yeah, Rod, let me give you some detail both on a sequential basis and I'll give you also something on a year-over-year basis because maybe that's where the disconnect comes from, looking at the last year's gross margins in the December quarter. On a sequential basis, we are essentially guiding to some improvement in gross margins. We had 38% both in the June quarter and in the September quarter. We're guiding slightly higher for the December quarter because on the positive, we're going to have of course better leverage and the mix in the December quarter tends to be better. But we need to keep into account the fact that these positives are going to be partially offset by the cost structures of the new products that we are launching now and we've launched already a few during the September quarter and that will have an impact on our December quarter results. On a year-over-year basis, keep in mind that last year we did, in Q1, we did 40%, around 40%, 40%, 41%, but there's a couple of things that I think need to be considered before doing a year-over-year compare. And it's the fact that last year we had this award for a patent infringement of $548 million. That is, at the gross margin level, is 40 bps. And then we've got the FX situation, which I mentioned before, which is worth another 60 bps, 70 bps. And so you're left with less than 100 basis points deterioration on a year-over-year basis where again, we have the reality of new cost structures into our products. It is very, very important I think for investors to understand that what's happened during the last two years. During the last two years, the U.S. dollar has appreciated by 15% over the basket of currencies where we do business. And we're a company that generates two thirds of our revenues outside the United States, 15% appreciation of the U.S. dollar. So on a year-over-year basis, just 2016 over 2015 was 340 bps impact from foreign exchange. This is something that we have offset almost entirely through a number of initiatives going from pricing actions to cost initiatives to our hedging program, but at some point, the strong dollar becomes the new normal and we need to work with that. And I think over the years, we made very good trade-offs and our gross margins have been quite stable over time.
Rod B. Hall: Okay. Great. Thanks, Luca. And then, Tim, I wanted you to ask you, this question comes up once in a while, but I just wanted to ask you if you could talk to us a little bit about the arguments on both sides of the dividend question. I mean, Apple seems to be perpetually undervalued. It's a very large company. It's getting harder and harder to grow. Your payout ratio is significantly below the S&P 500. I know you can't tell us what your intentions are here, but if you could help us understand how that thinking around the dividend works, it would be great.
Timothy Donald Cook: We review the capital return annually, and we've established a cadence now to announce our thinking on that every April. And so we have a robust discussion around the dividend and the buyback. We very much believe that Apple is very undervalued, and so we're investing with confidence in the company that we know really well. And so that thinking has I think proven out over time and I think been very good for our shareholders. And in addition to that, we know that some shareholders really like a dividend and some ongoing income, and so we've provided a amount that we think is a good amount and have a good track record of raising it annually. And so we'll be able to say more on that I'm sure in April of next year.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Rod.
Rod B. Hall: Great. Okay, thank you.
Nancy Paxton: A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks as podcast on the iTunes Store, as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone, and your numbers for the telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820. Please note the confirmation code 2017273. These replays will be available by approximately 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of the press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414, and financial analysts can contact Joan Hoover or me with additional questions. Joan is at 408-574-4570 and I'm at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us.