
Operator: From Morgan Stanley we’ll go to Katy Huberty.
Katy Huberty: So not to dilute the fantastic performance in December, but can you talk a little bit about how you think about the sustainability of this very strong iPhone demand into 2015, particularly given that most carriers had access to that product during the quarter? And then I have a follow up on margin?
Tim Cook: Sure Katy. It’s Tim. You can see from the March guidance that we’ve given, that we are incredibly bullish about iPhone going forward. We believe that it’s the best smartphone in the world. Our customers are telling us that. The market is telling us that. We’re doing well in virtually every corner of the world. And so we’re very bullish that it does have legs. I would point out that only a small fraction of the installed base has upgraded. And so there is a lot more people within the installed base. But I would also point out that we had the highest number of customers new to iPhone last quarter than in any prior launch. And also that the current iPhone line up experienced the highest Android switcher rate in any of the last three launches in the three previous years. And we didn’t look back to the other years. So I don’t know about those. And so we see that we’re appealing to new customers, both new to smartphone and new to iPhone and people switching. We’re very bullish on the product and getting great feedback about the quality of the products we’re shipping. And so we’re very, very bullish. The emerging markets which has been a source to great questions over time, the growth was absolutely stunning, in Brazil and Mainland China more than doubling year-over-year which is 3x to 4x what those markets were doing according to IDC. And so we enter the quarter with quite a bit of momentum.
Katy Huberty: And Luca as you know, you typically enjoy component cost downs and yield improvements as you move through a product cycle. Is there anything other than currency that keeps you from potentially locking the gross margins higher over the course of the year? Thank you.
Luca Maestri: Katy, you’re right. I mean on both fronts. We certainly expect more favorable cost in the March quarter than we’ve seen in the December quarter. It goes with our product cycle. The foreign exchange headwinds as I was explaining to Shannon, they will be on a sequential basis a headwind of more than 100 basis points. So if you were to exclude that foreign exchange impact, we would actually be guiding to sequential increase in margins. The other element that is there and it’s very seasonal, it’s always there, it’s the loss of leverage that we got from Q1 to Q2. When you look at our revenue guidance, we are guiding to a sequential decline between 26% and 30%. So you obviously have that loss of leverage, but without a doubt the biggest headwind that we got right now is foreign exchange. Having said all that guiding 38.5% to 39.5%, we feel slightly very good about where we are right now in the cycle.
Nancy Paxton: Katie could we have the next question please?