
Operator: Next, we will go to Wamsi Mohan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Wamsi Mohan: Yes. Thank you. Tim, the China trade situation remains sort of fluid over here and more recently you asked for some tariff exceptions were not granted those. How are you thinking about the longer-term footprint for manufacturing and can you talk about any potential alternatives that you've looked at and considered in moving parts of production potentially out of China. And I have a follow-up.
Tim Cook: Yes. I know there's been a lot of speculation around the topic of different moves and so forth. I wouldn't put a lot of stock into those, if I were you. The way I view this is, the vast majority of our products are kind of made everywhere. There's a significant level of content from the United States and a lot from Japan to Korea to China and the European Union also contributes a fair amount. And so, that's the nature of a global supply chain. Largely, I think that will carry the day in the future as well.In terms of the exclusions, we've been making the Mac Pro in the U.S., we want to continue doing that. And so, we're working and investing currently in capacity to do so, because we want to continue to be here. And so that's what's behind the exclusions. And so, we're explaining that and hope for a positive outcome.
Wamsi Mohan: Okay. Thanks, Tim. And there is, Luca, maybe for you, there's been some significant destocking of inventory in the first calendar half of this year in iPhone. Can you comment about the broader channel inventory levels where you are in your typical ranges, especially given the comment around June iPhone sales being quite strong and do you expect anything atypical in channel inventory dynamics in the September quarter? Thank you.
Luca Maestri: Yes, Wamsi, as you know we're not getting into this topic very much. But, I think I can give you some color here. You know that in general, we decrease our inventory during the March quarter and the June quarter. That has been traditionally what we've done. This year, we reduced channel inventory for iPhone slightly more than last year and that is true in total and it's true for Greater China as well. So, we feel very good about our channel inventory ranges as we get into the September quarter. Hope that helps you with that.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Wamsi. Could we have the next question, please?