
Operator: Jim Suva with Citigroup.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much and congratulations on returning to growth consistently. That's great. I believe, Tim, in your prepared comments you mentioned India was growing double digit, which is great. But I believe if you look at geographic information, India is really underpenetrated from an Apple reception perceptive, but yet they have LTE, you have the iPhone SE, a lower priced iPhone. Do you think that say this next 12 – 18 months is going be a turning point, or is it more you need to work with the government to have Apple-owned stores or production there? Or what's it really going to take to get India going along because we think it's just truly a great opportunity?
Timothy Donald Cook: We think it's a great opportunity too, and so we're bringing all the things that we brought to bear in other markets that we've eventually done well in, and that's from channel to stores to our ecosystem and so forth. Phil [Schiller] was just over there opening a developer center last quarter, and so there are a ton of things going on there. And we agree that we are underpenetrated there. Our growth rates are good, really good by most people's expectations, maybe not mine as much. And so we're putting a lot of energy in, just like we have in other geos that eventually wound up producing more and more. So I'm very excited about it. The 4G network investment really began rolling in in a significant way toward the last quarter of last year, as you know. But they are moving fast. They're moving at a speed that I have not seen in any other country in the world once they were started, and it is truly impressive.
Jim Suva: Great, thanks so much for the detail. That's greatly appreciated.
Timothy Donald Cook: Yes.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Jim. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks as a podcast on the iTunes Store, as a webcast on apple.com/investor, and via telephone, and the numbers for the telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 3540172. And these replays will be available by approximately 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of the press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414. And financial analysts can contact Joan Hoover or me with additional questions. Joan is at 408-974-4570, and I am at 408-974-5420. And thank you again for joining us.