
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First we’ll hear from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much and nice iPhone numbers. Can you talk about Luca about currency? How you are thinking about it? What it did this quarter? What it does to gross margin? And what’s it’s going to do during the year? Because that’s clearly a big topic of conversation?
Luca Maestri: Yes, Shannon I’ll do that now. I’ll talk about Q1. I’ll talk about what we are looking for Q2 and possibly even further. Obviously, what we’ve seen during Q1 has been unprecedented movements in currencies. I would say during the course of the quarter the biggest impact came from the Japanese yen, the Russian rubel, but also from euro, Australian dollar, Canadian dollar. Our revenue growth during Q1 would have been four percentage points higher on a constant currency basis. On a profitability standpoint, our hedging program partially mitigated the impact from the volatility in currencies. As we look forward, and we look into particularly the March quarter, the foreign exchange headwinds will be stronger in Q2 than they were in Q1 for two main reasons. The first one is the fact that the U.S. dollar has continued to appreciate against foreign currencies during the last few weeks. And the other one is the fact that our existing hedges expire. They get replace by new contracts at current levels and therefore the protection that is provided to us by our hedging program diminishes over time. What that means to us going forward for the March quarter is that revenue growth on a year-over-year basis in constant currency would be five point higher than what we are guiding to, if it wasn’t for the FX movements. In terms of gross margins, and you know that we look our gross margins on a sequential basis, the gross margin percentage after the offset that we're getting from the hedging program will be impacted by over 100 basis points. Now having said that, we have factored the impact that I just described into the guidance that we provided to you. So that’s where we are right now. Of course, as you look further out, you know we do not provide guidance past the March quarter, but it goes without saying that at current levels, again those headwinds will continue to become stronger for the reason I explained earlier, that our hedges continue to expire, they get replaced by new hedging contracts at current levels and so -- and there is the impact that we would see during the course of the year. It goes without saying strong U.S. dollar has negative impact on our international business. Having said all that, we have provided what we believe is very strong guidance for the March quarter. We remain very, very confident about the portfolio of products and services that we have in the market today and we remain very, very confident in the pipeline of products and services that we have.
Shannon Cross: And as a follow-up to that, can you talk a little bit about pricing power? Basically as you think about currency and euro movements and that -- and then the contracts you have with the carriers, can you talk about maybe the opportunities to raise prices, because I know it's something that a lot of companies are balancing right now?
Luca Maestri: I think as you know, we prefer to adjust local pricing at the time of new product launches. That will be obviously our preference. That’s what we do in normal times. When currencies move as much as they have been in places like Russia for example, sometimes we need to take mid-cycle action to realign pricing. So we’ll see what happens. As you know currency markets tend to be very volatile. So we just want to understand a bit better what is happening.