
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark May with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Mark A. May: Thank you. Some of the data that we've seen suggests that this year, the rate of growth in the build out of fulfillment centers and other parts of the retail logistics network as well as data centers, but more on the former, that rate of growth is slowing this year relative to last year and even the year before. I know that you guys go through periods of kind of heavy investment, then you grow into that capacity. But I just wonder if you could comment a little bit about where we are kind of in that ebb and flow of that cycle right now. And in terms of the accounting change that Dave referenced earlier with regard to revenue going from cost of revenue to the other line, can you comment if that particular type of advertising, that trade dollars type of marketing, is that growing at a meaningfully different rate than the ad revenue that's already booked as revenue? Thanks.
Dave Fildes: Yeah, Mark, this is Dave. On that second question, we've not commented on the growth rate or given the prior year period, so not much we can say there. As I said, the $560 million, if you were to back that out and look at the sort of pre-existing advertised – or other revenue rather that was included in that line item, we'd be growing about 72%. But again, that's not in relation to the COGS portion.
Brian T. Olsavsky: And on the question on capacity, – excuse me, cap – I'll address it as CapEx and capital leases, we're still seeing strong investment there. If I look at the quarterly trends, you're right, that this quarter was up 33% in isolation versus last year. I look back to last year's first quarter and we grew 82% year-over-year. So it was a particularly heavy quarter, particularly for investment in warehouses. So if I step back on the trailing 12 months though, CapEx, which is predominantly tied to our fulfillment center network, is up 47%. That is above the Amazon fulfilled unit growth rate, but we combined the strength of the FBA program and the space requirements as we get into bigger and bigger products. That's a representative number for that period. On the capital leases, which is a good proxy for the spend to support the AWS business, that's up 49% year-over-year on the trailing 12 months. So again, usage rates continue to exceed the revenue growth rates. Usage rates are strong, but we also have a number of projects underway that seek to increase our efficiency of our data centers. So have a couple things at play there that hopefully keep that number closer to the revenue growth rate.