
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Dan Salmon from BMO Capital Markets. You're now live.
Daniel Salmon: Great. Good afternoon, everyone. Maybe, Brian, just to return to the advertising business for a moment. It does sound like, as Eric noted, that there was a bit more of a slowdown again. I mean, I guess, I'll ask it this way. Do you believe that some of the improved relevance, some of the improved focus on brands as well as some of the new products can lead that business to reaccelerate at some point again? Or is it facing law of large numbers? And then just a follow-up, just to return to the $800 million investment to improve one-day shipping, it sounds like that investment is underway already and that - in noting that it'll help contribute to the high-end of the guidance this quarter, it sounds like the timing of that is fairly quicker. I would imagine, it's just simply expanding availability and that $800 million is largely related to shipping cost. But I just want to make sure, we're understanding that quickly that - this investment rolled out relatively quickly and starts to take effect relatively quickly.
Brian Olsavsky: Yeah. I'm glad you asked that. I would say that while our 20-year head start in investments in logistics and fulfillment capacity and partner networks that we've built are helping us, we also do have a network that is tuned to two-day delivery right now, principally for two-day delivery. So we do need to build out more one-day capacity along with our transportation partners, but we're moving quickly and we've got a good head start. There is a certain tranche that we can dial up quickly, and we've started to do that and you'll see that very quickly in Q2. And then stay tuned, because we'll be building this - most of this capacity through the year in 2019. And then your question about advertising, I wouldn't comment on acceleration or deceleration of growth. I would just say, we're early on in this venture. There's a lot of - it's having a lot of pickup by both vendors, sellers and also authors. So again, we feel like if we work on the inputs on this business and continue to grow traffic to the site, we will have a good outcome in the advertising space.