
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Heath Terry: Great. Thanks, Brian. I understand you can't comment on rumors one way or the other but curious, as you think about categories like health care and, obviously, you guys are already in health care to some degree through Amazon Business, can you give us a bit of a status update on what you do have out there now? And particularly how the company and management thinks about entering more regulated businesses over time, how you would approach that versus a standard category that you might go into or maybe again knowing you can't comment on rumors, how you have approached that in the past or in other markets. And then to the extent that we're thinking about AWS growth in the fourth quarter, you guys are lapping the price cuts from last year and, obviously, have about an 800-basis-point easier comp Q3 to Q4, taking those two things into consideration, how should we think about AWS growth through the end of the year?
Dave Fildes: Yeah, Heath. This is Dave. I'll take that first question in relation to health care. I think where you're seeing us do some work in that, I think, is on the areas of Amazon Business, and that's really just from the standpoint of there are many different types of businesses that we can serve with that offering, and we're in our third year now, and so there's a lot of different sectors, whether they are hospitals, educational institutions, labs, government agencies, I mean, there's a lot of different shapes and sizes across industries that we can serve with that. And so, I think what you're seeing us do is really focus on services that meet those businesses multi-user accounts, improving approval workflow tools and just more recently, we introduced Amazon Business for Business Prime Shipping, which we think will be a great way for businesses to use multiuser – business customers have multiuser accounts, and that's in the U.S. and Germany. So, I think it's part of that offering, and we will really have to see how that evolves. And the other side, too, is certainly health care is one of many sectors as part of Amazon Web Services that are important customers that we are focusing on and building tools for. So probably nothing specific to call out on that one, but that's a lot of what you're seeing from us today.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Yeah, on AWS, we don't provide segment level estimates, but we did consider in our guidance the impact of the price cuts last year. You're right, we had a number of price cuts timed about around December 1 of last year. That certainly had an impact on Q4 of last year. But again, price cuts and not only price cuts but new products that have lower average cost and can cannibalize more expensive products is pretty much a part of our business all the time in AWS. So we're looking forward to a strong Q4 and re:Invent is in December or the end of November, early December, so that is also an exciting time of year for the AWS business.