
Operator: Our next question comes from Carlos Kirjner with Bernstein.
Carlos Kirjner-Neto: Thank you. Two questions if I may. As I look at your tech and content expense as a percentage of revenues, we see year-on-year decline for the last two quarters, which is something we hadn't seen since mid-2010, and of course it's reflected in the AWS margins. Can you help us understand what has driven this significant change in relative trajectory in tech and content expenses? And the second question is, why is it that the rate at which you are deploying Prime Now is so much greater or faster than the rate at which you are deploying Fresh? What's different between them and how is it that you are deploying Fresh in new markets but not as fast as Prime Now, and what drives the difference? Thank you.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure. On tech and content, that's going to be a combination of our people cost related to many areas of the website and also the infrastructure cost to run it, at both the Amazon Web Services and also the Amazon site. We've been seeing some great efficiencies in our infrastructure, both internally as Amazon and also as part of AWS. We have great people working on not only better efficiency, but also driving cost out of our acquisition prices. So, there's a lot of great work going on there and I think that's what you're seeing reflected in the tech and content line. Again, this can fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, but we're happy with the current trend and you see it in the AWS margins. On Prime Now versus Fresh, they are separate – sorry. The – we'll point out in Q2 that we added London and Boston as two new sites in London for AmazonFresh, and that was the first international location. But we've been running AmazonFresh for seven years, or excuse me, since 2007 in Seattle and what you've seen as we've been testing the model, we've been expanding in North America and more so we've been expanding within the cities that we're in, adding zip codes, adding additional customers. So, the move into Boston and also now into London give us some really good data points and as – it's a great customer feature for the Prime offering. Prime Now is a little bit easier to build up from scratch, I would say. The – it has a different purpose, although some of the products overlap. Again, this is more about immediacy of one-hour and two-hour delivery of a curated list of important products that people need in a short period of time. So, they have different roles. Some of the products overlap, of course, but we're happy with both, and we think that customers like both of them.