
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Two questions. The North American operating margins seem to come down like 70 bps year-over-year, and I know it's not big books view of the margins, I get that. But it's sort of a change. You've had margins be flat or up year-over-year for quite some time, and then they dipped down. Just could you explain that? And then secondly on these – on the Echo devices, the Echo family, Alexa devices that are coming out, could you comment at all about what kind of impact you're seeing in terms of increased wallet or per share within households? Are you seeing it have an impact in terms of Amazon customers more likely to spend more once they have these devices in particular categories like groceries or household products, pantry products that they're more likely to spend because they have these devices in their houses, in their kitchens, in their living rooms? Thank you.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure, Mark. Let me start with the Echo question first. So, yeah, we're very encouraged by the customer response to the Echo products. Not only the Echo products but the ability to use tablets, our tablets now as Echo devices, since we've spread the Alexa technology to many of those devices. And we're also happy with the success we've had with developers. There's now over 12,000 Alexa skills. So we think that's all foundational. The monetization, as you might call it, is a theme of your questions. That's not our primary issue right now. It's about building great products and delighting customers. We think as engagement – as we pick up engagement with the devices, it helps the engagement with Amazon as a whole. So whether someone is ordering off their Alexa device or whether they're going to their phone, or going to their computer, it all has the same effect for us. So, very pleased with the initial progress. We see a lot of momentum there and we continue to invest. And that's one of the answers to your second question on North America operating margin. So if I step back, let me just talk generally about investments. So right now, we're just seeing a lot of great opportunities before us. And we're continuing to ramp up the investments in pursuit of those opportunities. And the big picture is, again, as we've said customers – the things customers love can grow to be large, we'll have strong financial returns and they're durable and can last for decades. So in that category, and some of the things that we're investing the most in are as you say the Echo and Alexa devices. We're doubling down on that investment, video content and marketing, not only in the U.S. but globally with the launch of our Prime Video in the fall. So, we're building global scale in that business in both content and marketing. As I said earlier, we're expanding Prime benefits in the U.S. and also globally. Things like Prime Music, Prime Now, Amazon Fresh, all expanding globally. And we have launched Prime in India, China and Mexico. I know I'm drifting a bit from North America, but it's all part of the same theme. We also have this trend going on in our fulfillment networks where strong FBA growth and high growth in Amazon fulfilled unit is resulting in a large increase in fulfillment capacity. We're also investing in new technologies such as artificial intelligence, machine learning. You're starting to see some of that show up in things like Amazon Go, our beta store that we have developed in Seattle, drones. We use those technologies a lot in our internal businesses and we're also developing services for AWS customers. So – and that's of course another area is AWS continues to grow and add services and features and doing so at an accelerating rate. So there's a long list, and I can keep going. But I think the general theme is there's a lot of investment in front of us that we're optimistic about, and we continue to ramp those investments. In North America, that manifests itself mostly in the device area, the content area and also the expansion of the fulfillment networks.