
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Devitt with Stifel.
Scott Devitt: Hi. Thank you. Questions on video. I was wondering if you could just give any quantification in terms of the magnitude of video spend in 2017 as well as the lumpiness from an expensing standpoint quarterly. And then separately as it relates to just the video service, from a positioning standpoint in the market, how do you think about the unique aspects of the product that Amazon has relative to others in the market in terms of the aggregation tools that are being provided now where some of the value is being perceived longer-term? Is it the uniqueness of the content or is it other things? If you could provide a little bit of color on that, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure. Well, ultimately, I'll step back and say one of the main things we look out on Prime Video is customer usage patterns and in 2016 we had a doubling of Prime hours for video, music and reading. So we're happy with the engagement that customers have. We're also happy with the – especially on the Studios side, the people we've been able to work with, some of the most talented people in the entertainment industry. And our customers have responded really well to the shows that we've created. We've garnered awards, of course, but mainly that what we're focused on is good content that is attractive to customers. I'll also point out that we rolled out the global Prime Video offer in the second half of last – or, excuse me, in Q4. And what we see there is again, original content is a fixed cost expense. The more we can amortize it over a large base, the better off we'll be. But more importantly, we have great content that we want to share with people outside of our primary retail countries. And this takes us to over 200 more countries. So we're very happy with the results in video. Yes, the investment did step up in the second half of last year, including marketing. And that will continue in 2017 and likely beyond.