
Operator: At this time, we will now open the call up for questions. Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you for taking my question. I guess the big one is the deceleration in unit growth or online stores, which are probably related to that. I know it's a tough 3Q comp, but could you comment a little bit about that? And then kind of what initiatives could be most interesting to maybe reaccelerate that over the next couple of years? What categories? Thank you.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Thank you, Justin. Yeah, let me just remind you a couple of things from last year. We had two reactions on our Super Saver Shipping threshold in the first half of the year between February and May. That did spur a lot of unit growth in the second and third quarter. We also have issue with digital content, not an issue, but the fact that digital content is moving to subscriptions, Amazon Music Unlimited and Kindle Unlimited in particular. It's been really popular. I'll just remind you that the units – those do not count in our unit totals nor do the units from Whole Foods Market. So, yeah, I would say essentially with that backdrop, we're still very, very encouraged by the demand and the reception from customers on the consumer side. We have Amazon fulfilled units are still growing faster than paid units. 3P is now up to 53% of total paid units. In-stock is very strong, especially as we head into the holiday period. I think we're well positioned for the holiday. We have over 100 million Prime eligible items that are available for FREE Two-Day Shipping for Prime members. And again, when we're talking about the unit deceleration, a lot of the fastest growing areas, things like subscription services, AWS and advertising are not caught in that metric.
Dave Fildes: And, Justin, this is Dave. Just to add on to that. You mentioned the online stores. Just a reminder, there is a little bit of impact from the revenue recognition. So you see the online stores revenue growing about 11% ex-FX, to be higher than that, but for the adoption ad standard. So there's a little bit of a headwind there as well.