
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Sheridan with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Eric J. Sheridan: Thanks for taking the question. Maybe two, if I can ask. One, the other North America revenue line in our view has a lot of advertising revenue in it and that line continues to sort of show a lot of momentum, come in better than expected. Can you talk holistically sort of short-term, medium-term, long-term about how you think you're approaching an advertising business across your broad properties, what that might become longer-term and how that might impact the P&L? And then one housekeeping item, anything to call out as an impact from demonetization efforts in India in either Q4 or Q1? Thanks so much.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Yes, sure. I'll take the advertising question. So yes, it's very early in the advertising space. But what our goals there are to be helpful to customers and enhance their shopping and viewing experiences, mostly with targeted recommendations. We think that is a good strategy rather than invasive things that take away from the shopping experience. I would say Sponsored Products is off to a great start. I find it a very effective way for advertisers to reach interested customers. We also, on video, have not added much in the way of advertising yet. There's some pre-roll as we call it. But for the most part, we like the progression. We are balancing customer experience with advertising at all times and we like the team that's working on it.
Darin Manney: And on other revenue, I just want to call out, there's a number of things going into that particular line. These things include revenue from our co-branded credit card arrangements and certain advertising, particularly display advertising. We have other types of advertising that's spread out throughout the P&L, whether that's a kind of shared marketing investment from our vendors which goes into contra COGS and lowers the cost of sales, or it's related to other seller advertising which is generally within the EGM and media categories. And so I'd say other revenue incorporates a number of things, not just advertising. And on India demonetization, nothing particular to call out today on that.