
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Mark Mahaney: Hey, thanks, I want to go back to AWS. When asked about margins, you first referred to – Brian you first referred to by bringing down prices. Are you seeing anything different in terms of the level of price competition? Could you talk about what kind of traction you’ve had building out into the enterprise, and I know it’s a broad question, but take a shot at it. And third part of this is, your interest and your success in going in and generating more app – you know going up the stack and getting more into the application software space, all that AWS related. Thanks.
Brian Olsavsky: Sure. Hi, Mark. So yeah, I would say my comments around pricing were as much mix as absolute price decreases or competitive price pressures. It’s certainly a competitive market that we see and we’ve seen for really a number of years. So everyone is very sharp on their pricing and is very eager to lock up long-term commitments from AWS customers.  We do it with you know a combination of price and capability that we think is unmatched. So the bigger element of that really is around us creating new products and services that are cheaper and less expensive than the old ones. So there is a certain bit of mix issue that we are always up against.  But again in your question on enterprise penetration, you know I think the enterprise, we’re making great progress there. You know it’s going to be hard on revenue growth, it’s going to fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, it’s hard to predict the pace of some of the sales cycles and the enterprise migrations that companies are willing to make or some are faster than others and some have other work to do before they can migrate.  So you know there’s a lot of factors at play there on the enterprise business, but we are having great success and we’re adding a lot of sales force or sales representatives, especially for the enterprise market.
Dave Fildes: Yeah, and Mark, this is Dave. Just really quickly just in terms of your question on the stack. I mean I think for really since as long as AWS has been around, we really pride ourselves in getting really top, high caliber people both in the technical side, but also sales people that are plugged in and listening to customers, understanding issues that are emerging, having open lines of communication and that’s really allowed us to innovate quickly and really faster than anyone else, and we see that in the terms of the service and feature breadth and depth that we have. So, a lot of the focus for us is really making sure that that flywheel keep spinning, and that we continue to roll out a lot of great services the customers are looking for. So I think that’s largely what dictates our roadmap and making sure that we give ourselves autonomy and availability to look to new areas and stay on the cusp of whether it’s kind of emerging technologies or really just our customer needs or pain points that need to be solved.