
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Stephen Ju: Okay, thank you. So Brian, I’m wondering if you can weigh in on the puts and takes on the long-term potential margin for AWS? When this was first launched it pretty much sold itself and now you are employing a greater number of salespeople, and with that I guess the incremental marketing dollars. But on the other hand it seems like the engineering talent hiring should slow down over time. So I’m just wondering if you can weigh in on what’s coming in or what’s coming out. Thanks.
Brian Olsavsky: Yeah, sure. I would say the margins – our margins expectations are that we will price competitively and continue to pass along pricing reductions to customers both in the form of absolute price reductions and also in the form of new products that will in effect cannibalize the old ones.  And we also see a point out that you know increasingly what we’re doing is renegotiating or negotiating incremental price decreases for customers who then commit to us long term. And if you look at our disclosure on our 10-Q, it shows that we have $27 billion in future commitments for AWS, from AWS customers and that’s up 54% year-over-year. So that’s another thing to watch, it’s not only the short-term commitment, but also the long-term commitment that we see. On the rest of the P&L, there again we have, I believe some of the best infrastructure people in the industry. If not the best, we are continually driving up efficiency and lowering costs and we see that in our bottom line.  The sales and marketing investment, we’re chasing a large opportunity here and that will be, you know as we say bumpy as we go along, but we are fully confident that that will be a very leveraged cost as we get to scale.  And then on the technology side, as you said, yes we will continue and invest in SDEs and software engineers to build these you know products that customers love, continue to respond to their demands, and that will push or inform our product portfolio.