
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Eric Sheridan with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Eric J. Sheridan: Thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe two. One, with respect to international margins, is there anything there you can give us in terms of rank order or color, whether it be geographies or category expansion that we should be thinking about that are driving some of the cost curve in the international side of the business? That would be number one. Number two, stock-based comps stepped up a lot, both quarter-over-quarter and year-on-year. Wanted to know if there was anything either organic or inorganic that was driving that step-up in stock-based compensation. Thank so much.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure. I'll start with the second one. Yes, as you noted in the press release or the 8-K, we had an absolute step-up from Q1 of $792 million to Q2 of $1.2 billion. So it increased 51% year-over-year in Q2 versus a head count increase of 42%. I'll also say that we generally see a step-up from Q1 to Q2 because we do our employee RCU grants in Q2 of each year. So that's a normal trend. But the 51% year-over-year is also – it's a combination of the hiring we've done but also an adjustment we made to our estimated forfeiture rate. We're seeing less forfeitures, which is a great sign for our employee retention, but you have to make adjustments to your reserves as you see that. So that was another influence in Q2. On operating margins internationally, I would step back and say a lot of the investments we're making in North America we're also making in international. Prime benefits including Prime Video and remember we launched Global Video in Q4 of last year to 200 countries, Prime Now, Amazon Fresh, the general rise of FBA and added selection, both retail and FBA to make Prime more attractive, and the fulfillment and logistics costs that go with that, and the additional constant effort to reduce prices and accelerate shipping. So that all impacts both North America segment and international. The North America segment is a little further along in the Prime, excuse me, yes, the Prime membership growth curve. And so in some respects we are giving benefits earlier in the lifecycle to international Prime customers than we did in North America just because it launched later. And there's also India, as I mentioned, we continue to invest in India. We're very hopeful with the progress we've made with sellers and customers alike in India and we see great momentum and success there, so we continue to invest and we have some of our best people in that business.