
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with UBS. Please proceed.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks for taking the question. Maybe a two part question on AWS if I can. You called out the depreciation change with respect to AWS going forward. Just wanted to better understand some of the decisions that were made on useful life that drove that decision and how to think about that from a modeling perspective going forward? And then the second part would be what does that mean in terms of the way you're thinking about forward CapEx cycles for the AWS business, if you're assuming useful life is moving out maybe than prior assumptions? Thanks so much.
Brian Olsavsky: Sure. Thanks for bringing that up. So, we as a practice monitor and review, the useful life of our depreciable assets on a regular basis to make sure that our financial statements reflect our best estimate of how long the assets are going to be used in operations. In Q4 -- and we've been looking at it in both the FCs, fulfillment centers and also AWS annually. As we looked in Q4 of 2019, we believe it's -- there's enough trend now to show that the useful life is exceeding four years. We have been -- for our servers and we had been depreciating them over three years. So, we are going to start depreciating them on a four year basis. It doesn't unwind any depreciation that's already been booked. It just takes the asset from its current status and extends the depreciation period and then new assets will be put into play will extend out for four years instead of three and we'll continue to revisit this. I do want to point out it's not just an accounting-related change. It's rather a reflection of the work that we've done to make our server capacity last longer. We've been operating at scale for over 13 years in this business and we continue to refine our software to run more efficiently on the hardware. It then lowers stress and extends the useful life both through servers that we used in the AWS business and also the servers that we use to support our own Amazon businesses. So -- and despite that we give AWS customers and actually because of this, AWS customers continue to get access to the latest technologies more quickly than ever before. So, we are essentially reflecting the fact that we have gotten better at extending the useful life here and now building that into our financials moving forward. Yes, you're right. It should also impact our need and our timing of capital. I would say that it's also been part of the reason that we've been able to keep capital relatively under in check the last two years in the infrastructure area. But its $800 -- excuse me $800 million lower depreciation expense in the quarter and it will be consistent. It will change quarter-to-quarter. We will update you. But as you can see in our financial statements, it's about $2.3 billion impact in Q2 2020.
Dave Fildes: Yes. This is Dave. Just kind of on the modeling point too on that the $800 million is in Q1. We do think that the -- for that accounting impact effectively, we expect that that amount will decrease as we go through the year. And it's tech infrastructure assets. So, it's -- I should say the servers are tech infrastructure assets. So, when you think about segments the majority of these relate to the AWS segment.