
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Helfstein with Oppenheimer.
Jason Helfstein: Thanks. Just two, so just can you comment, did advertising slow down relative to third quarter. One, you kind of adjusting for 606 and then secondly, was there any reallocation in segments between online and physical stores and if not any commentary why physical stores was down year-over-year? Thanks.
Brian Olsavsky: Yeah. Thanks, Jason for your questions. Let me start with the physical stores revenues. So physical stores decreased 3% year-over-year and this is primarily Whole Foods, but also includes our other stores, the Amazon Books stores, Amazon Go, Amazon 4 star. What happened in the quarter was we were lapping a period last year when we – we had purchased Whole Foods in Q3, as you remember of 2017. In Q4, we adjusted their fiscal calendar to link it up with Amazon's and it added about 5 days of revenue into Q4 of last year. So we're comping that year-over-year. The second piece is that, the -- as you said, the online orders where people go to the Prime Now app and then order for delivery or pick up at Whole Foods stores does count or is counted in the online stores component of revenues. So if you adjust for those, with the Whole Foods growth year-over-year on an apples-to-apples basis was approximately 6%. Because of some of those, again, mostly the year-over-year accounting days, true up issue, it's showing up as negative 3% in physical stores.
Dave Fildes: Yeah. And then just on your second question around advertising, if you look at the other revenue, the growth rate decelerated some. So it's at 97%, still very strong, year-over-year growth in the fourth quarter in other revenue as I think you're aware, there are a number of components, but the largest by a good margin is the advertising revenue and we are comping a period of rapid growth in the prior year, so that is part of the factor there as you mentioned, but I’d just reiterate, we're continuing to see quite strong adoption across Amazon’s vendors, sellers, authors, all types of advertisers that are utilizing that.