
Operator: At this time, we will now open the call up for questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney from RBC Capital Markets. You're now live.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Hey, I'm going to ask two questions, because the first one is really simple. Unit growth of 10%, is this a meaningless metric, just talk through that number. I think it's the lowest unit growth I think we've ever seen, but just talk to us a little bit about that. And then international sales growth decelerated 16%, I know last - ex-FX. I know last quarter you talked about some challenges in the India market. Just give us some color, please, around that growth rate, how do we think about the sustainability of that? Was that negatively impacted by developments in India? Thanks a lot.
Brian Olsavsky: Sure, Mark. Thanks for your questions. I'd start on unit growth. So unit growth was 10%. Again, as I mentioned last quarter, it is a measurement, excludes a lot of our fastest growing businesses, things like AWS, advertising, subscription services, which cannibalize the unit calculation, things like Kindle Unlimited and Amazon Music Unlimited. And then, also it doesn't include Whole Foods Market. So while it is meaningful, it needs to be understood and caveated. So your question was on international growth. Yeah, talking more about specifically India, so India, for those of you on the call last quarter, we're just heading into an uncertain period with the PN2 ruling. We did make some changes to our structure to stay in compliance with all regulations. There were a few days of downtime for some of our selection. But for the full quarter the impact was minimal. And we're in compliance and very, very happy with the progress of the business in India. So as far as the growth is concerned in international, we had some noise in Q3 and Q4, if you'll remember with the timing of the Diwali holiday. But we feel pretty good about the Q1 growth there, even despite some downtime in India.