
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Justin Post: Yes. A couple of questions. It definitely seems relative to your guidance, you may have stepped up spending in the second quarter. Anything in particular to call out, India or anything like that? And then just thinking bigger picture, I'm wondering why physical locations might make sense for Amazon. Why is that a positive use of capital going forward? Thank you.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure. As far as Q2 is concerned, we were very encouraged by the revenue and unit growth acceleration, particularly in North America. We see that tied to the Prime growth and the adoption of Prime and success of that program. Also point out that AWS stepped up its run rate from a $14 billion run rate last quarter to $16 billion. So we saw the largest quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year increase in revenue in that business as well. And gross margin expanded 130 basis points. So as you point out, the year-over-year difference is primarily driven by investments, what we were within the guidance range and we continue to invest in, as I said, fulfillment capacity and logistics services, digital video, our Echo and Alexa, Echo devices and Alexa platform India, the buildup at the AWS infrastructure, all the things I mentioned not to mention Prime Now and Amazon Fresh and Prime benefits. We did see a big jump in head count in year-over-year. You'll see it's 42%, and in the past, I'd say most of that is driven by operations hiring. I've even said that headquarters or office hiring many times in the past was below the level of revenue growth. Right now, what we're seeing is an accelerated growth rate in software engineers and also sales teams to support primarily AWS and advertising. So, yes, the growth rate of those two job categories actually exceeded the company growth rate. So we are adding – having success hiring a lot of people and pointing them at some very important programs and customer-facing efforts. On the place of physical, again, as I mentioned in the earlier question, we are experimenting with a number of formats. You've seen the physical bookstores and I would say that the benefit there is again, we have a curated selection of titles and it's also a great opportunity for people to touch and feel our devices and see them, especially the new Echo devices. I went into the store in Seattle last week and I saw about a third of the people were standing around the device table learning how they work, how they interact with devices. So, I saw firsthand the customer experience, I think, that's what we're seeing as a benefit to the physical stores right now.