
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony DiClemente from Evercore. You're now live.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks very much. A couple of questions. In the shareholder letter, Jeff wrote third-party sellers are kicking our first-party butt, and we read through that, but as we kind of look at the trending and the pacing of the 3P business, you can see a little bit of a deceleration in the 3P sellers services line and then 3P unit slowdown might suggest that the third-party GMV expansion may not be happening quite as fast. So maybe just talk a little bit about that. Is this just law of large numbers as time goes by? What is Amazon doing to sort of sustain that growth rate in the third-party marketplace business? And then second question is maybe just quickly on media spend. Just update us on how you're thinking about the trajectory of video content spend. Any strategic changes there in terms of library versus originals versus films or TV content? Thanks.
Brian Olsavsky: Yeah. Let's step back on the third-party question. So again, let me reiterate our approach. So main goal here is that it will allow customers to have the broadest selection, the best available price and also the most convenient options on how they receive the item. If we're delivering on those three elements, we're indifferent as to whether it's sold by us or a third-party. We actively recruit sellers to sell on our platform, it's because it adds selection. It adds - if it's in the FBA program, it adds Prime eligible selection. We spend billions of dollars a year, as Jeff said, on infrastructure, tools and services, not only to allow sellers to sell, but to help themselves more successfully. So we have a vested interest in the success of our sellers. Any growth acceleration or deceleration that you see can be very much tied to the total sales of the customer - that we have the customers in any country. So you'll still see the percentage of third-party units increased and has been steadily over the last few years. So again, the sellers are as important to us as anything for servicing the customers' need for price selection and convenience. The elements I just talked about of investment, further investment in one-day shipping is directly going to be a cost that we bear and it's also going to be a direct benefit to sellers as well as the Prime eligible selection in our warehouses.
Dave Fildes: Yeah. And then, Anthony, just real quick, this is Dave, on your question around media and probably more particularly the video strategy and what we're investing in, I mean, we are continuing to invest meaningfully in digital video. It's an area where we're very excited about. Lots of very popular, critically acclaimed shows have obviously come out, things like Homecoming, Jack Ryan, more recently Hanna, Guava Island, and some great titles. So I think look for us to continue to invest there. There was - on the accounting side, we did adopt an accounting standard in January that amended our accounting for how we cap for produced original video content. And under that new guidance, we capitalize production cost for original video content. Previously, we only capitalized a portion of those costs. So the net impact for the first quarter to operating income wasn't material. It was - for Q1, the impact of a change was a decrease of about $130 million to cost of sales due to the capitalization change. As we go through 2019, though, we would expect the impact to increase in the latter part of the second half of the year, in line with our production schedule as it grows throughout the year.