
Operator: Our next question is from Ross Sandler with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Sandler: Thanks, guys. So, Brian, I know you guys don't like to provide guidance beyond the next quarter but philosophically if we go back a few quarters you've characterized 2015 as a year where you believe that some of the heavier investments made in prior years should start to benefit and pay off. And we're see – we're clearly seeing that in AWS and in North America retail and it looks like you're still investing heavily on International retail. So if we kind of look out 2016, 2017, is there any high-level philosophical commentary about whether you see next year as another year of these types of trends that you're seeing now? Or are there any bigger investment areas particularly in the retail business that you might be looking to take advantage of?
Brian T. Olsavsky: Thanks for your question. I can't forecast into the future on that but I will reiterate the investments we have going on right now which again, we're looking to invest to strengthen the Prime platform. That includes video content including Amazon Originals, Prime Music, Prime Now. We have robust device business including the launch of a new Paperwhite Fire TV Echo with general availability and numerous other products that we're very excited about. That roadmap, we know that those devices drive customer engagement and sales. We build fulfillment centers so that we can add selection and we can add FBA partners. And we had things like same-day delivery which we talked about. On the AWS side we continue to invest in that infrastructure. We talked about opening, announcing the region in India so there's expansion there as well. Future expansion, services expansion Internationally very similar to the U.S. on a number of the Prime fronts but also the investment in India. And then a few other things you may have seen in our press release today, the launch of Mexico which we are excited about and Amazon business. So lots of – as I said, lots of investment in front of us. But we operate in two paths. We are definitely working for operational efficiencies in the business that we're in. We're investing wisely in things that we think are big and important. And it's not a static activity. We continue to evaluate those investments, take into account what customer response is and make changes. So I think you can look forward to the continuation of that into the future.