
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Senna with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Senna: Hi. So lot of headlines around Amazon's activity at Sundance I just was hoping you could maybe expand once more on the video strategy and specifically are you seeing an inflection in Prime Video usage. And maybe just also on your streaming partners program, what the general reception is like? Thank you.
Brian Olsavsky: Sure. We're very thrilled with the customer response to Prime Video. Again, when Prime Video is used by our Prime members, it drives adoption and retention, higher free trial conversion rates, and higher renewal rates for subscribers. So what we were encouraged by in Q4 was that globally we doubled the number of – our Prime members doubled the number of viewing hours of the Prime Video year-over-year. And internationally, we had twice as member Prime members streaming year-over-year. So very encouraged by the pickup and the response of customers. The other comment I would say about video is we're very happy with the Amazon Studios content, in particular. We've had some great success in 2014 and 2015. As you probably know, Transparent has won multiple Golden Globes and Emmys, both for actors and for the show itself. Mozart in the Jungle just won two Golden Globe Awards. So very, very pleased with the critical acclaim to the Amazon Studios content and we've got a lot of new content coming out this year. Catastrophe Season 2, Bosch Season 2, we're all looking forward to. And in February, we will have Chi-Raq, our first original movie that we got to work with Spike Lee on, which won many critical, made many critics' best film list in 2015. That will be coming to Prime Video in February.
Phil Hardin: Just to add, this is Phil. On the question about the streaming partners program, so that's our new over the top streaming subscription program for Prime Members. We think it's a really convenient way for them to access additional content, content sources like Showtime and Starz. And it's really early, so it's just out of the gate. But we've been very pleased with what we've seen so far.