
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Helfstein with Oppenheimer. Please proceed.
Jason Helfstein: Thanks. So in the release you made a comment about automotive and Alexa, anything you want to elaborate a little more that looks like that's a very interesting opportunity? And then with respect to India, there were two comments in the release, but anything you can comment on kind of getting past some of the issues that had impacted the business in the past? I know you're past that now. Thank you.
Brian Olsavsky: Yes. Let me start with India. So yes, continue to see growth in programs for both sellers -- for our sellers and delivery partners. In the last 18 months, we've doubled the number of paid Prime member, which we're very excited about. We've invested a lot in our global selling program, which helps Indian sellers not only reach customers in India, but also in other geographies around the world. We started Amazon Flex in India, which helps our local partners to deliver packages, gives them jobs, grows our delivery capacity for sellers and increases our speed of delivery. So it's a win-win. We've also introduced package-free shipment program in nine cities. This is going to be a big part of our shipment zero program, a vision to make all Amazon shipment net carbon zero. On the government side, our engagement with the Indian government makes us optimistic about partnering and collaborating to seek a stable predicable policy that allow us to continue investing in our technology and infrastructure. And it also helps us to create jobs and scale local businesses. So, we think there's a lot of shared purpose there and a good quarter where we're looking forward to the Diwali holiday this year. The events we have for Diwali were all in Q4 last year some of them are in Q3 this year based on the timing of the holiday. So, that's factored into our international – excuse me, our, revenue growth rate for the quarter.
Dave Fildes: Yes, Jason. This is Dave. Just quickly on the Alexa point and auto, Alexa is really a more and more place. I think the point you're probably referencing is, we're now seeing hundreds of third-party devices with Alexa built in. So that runs the gamut from smart thermostat and another smart home devices, headphones, but also vehicle. So we've seen a lot of good partnerships and arrangements with companies like BMW and Mini and not just in the U.S., but in places like Europe as well. So a lot of this of course is just around the great power of Alexa and being able to offer even greater convenience and touch points where customers can interact with that and we're seeing a lot of good momentum with usage and how customers are interacting with Alexa.