
Operator: Our next question comes from Youssef Squali from Cantor Fitzgerald.
Youssef Squali: Thank you. Two questions, please. Brian, your operating income has been come in stronger than expectations, but more importantly, stronger than your own guidance, at least in the last couple of quarters. I was just wondering as you look back at where you guided relative to actual, where do you think that delta was most pronounced? Why wouldn't we assume that maybe, at least on the margin, the investment intensity in the business has maybe decelerated a bit? And second, on Prime Video, just was wondering, considering what the main competitor there is doing, i.e., expanding aggressively around the world, you guys have been growing in a more measured manner, is that still the plan or are you guys interested in maybe instead of moving into a few countries, kind of expand globally in one fell swoop? That's it. Thanks.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure. Let me start with the second question first. So on Prime Video, again we're very happy with the customer adoption of Prime Video, and we know the customers love it. We like the results that we see, particularly with the free trial conversion, the renewal rates for subscriptions. So it's clearly working. I mentioned earlier how we're doubling the investment rate in the second half of the year versus last year's second half, and we're tripling the Amazon Originals content. That Originals content for TV and movies, that content can be used globally. We've talked a bit about our Prime launch in India, and alluded to the fact that we'll be having video soon in India, but local content and also Amazon Originals. So, stay tuned for that. I don't have any more to announce on that today. On the variance to guidance, what I'll say is, we came in the very high end of our revenue guidance. I would say that our business model usually reacts well to high volume as we get a really good leverage on our fixed expenses. So that's part of what we saw, very strong operating efficiencies as we hit essentially the highest end of our revenue guidance. But we do have a lot of diverse profit streams here at Amazon and a lot of investments going on at any point in time. I think I heard a question there about level of investment. We continue to invest heavily. In fact, I just called out a few things that are going to be stepping up in investment levels in Q3, mostly ops and digital content. So we continue to invest on behalf of customers. But we also work very hard at efficiencies and scaling the businesses that we have. So we take both roles very seriously around here, investing on the right – in the right things, seeing results on behalf of customers, and also driving efficiencies. And there can be timing, quarter-to-quarter, the operating margin and levels of investment can fluctuate, but certainly continue to expand.