
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Great. Thanks. Two questions. The $239 million in other income, what was that? And then could you just wax a little bit eloquently hopefully, on advertising revenue? And like how do you balance what are – what should be a monstrous amount of ad revenue opportunities, especially high profit, high margin ad revenue opportunities against an ideal or optimal consumer experience? These sponsored units I see in every search I do on Amazon seems great from an advertising perspective, but I sometimes wonder if it doesn't dilute the consumer experience. So just talk about how you balance that. And then finally, as part of advertising, you've got also a heck of a lot inventory around all of that video, that Prime Video that you have that you don't allow – that you don't directly charge for, how do you think about that as an advertising revenue opportunity? Thank you.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure. Let me wax eloquently. Try to anyway. So let's start with the $239 million; that is essentially where attributable to warrants that we have in companies that we partnered with. We have transportation companies that we partnered with and other technology companies. As the stock market increased in Q1, a lot of these companies also went up. So that's where we book the gain on warrants that we have with – on investments. It's also – there was a good bit of FX gain due to the shift in currency and the weakening of the dollar. That showed up on a lot of lines on the P&L, but that one was positive. On advertising, so let's step back a bit. It's now a multibillion-dollar program and growing very quickly. Our main goal here is to help customers discover new brands and products. So we show the sponsored products, we're trying to show people things they had maybe wouldn't have seen otherwise in their normal search results. So we're looking for a good balance here, as we said. We want customers to get the benefit of the new brand and product discovery, and then we want to let sellers for both emerging and established brands, reach those customers. Those advertisers are of all shapes and sizes with the main goal of, again, trying to reach our customers whether it's to drive brand awareness, discovery or hopefully purchase. So, we take the responsibility for that very seriously and are always balancing helpfulness of the advertising and try not to make it disruptive. But you're right, there are always pressures in that. We will come down on the side of the customer. On your question on video advertising, yes, there may be opportunities over time to have more advertising in our Video, but we choose not to do that right now.
Dave Fildes: Yeah, I think the only thing I'd add to on that just related to Prime Video, as you may have seen in the announcement earlier today about the renewed agreement for the streaming partnership with Thursday Night Football. So we'll have 11 games in 2018 and 2019, be able to deliver that to over 100 million Prime members globally, which is a great continuation of the partnership we've had with the NFL. We've done some things like the Prime Original Series All or Nothing; the third season's coming up soon, focused on the Dallas Cowboys. So that was one of our first forays in the live format that – one of the first forays in the live format where we had live ads and kind of, we're not only learning the technology, but learning to – learning that business. And I think we've been pleased with what we've seen so far obviously and look forward to the next few seasons with the NFL.