
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my questions. I have two. Just -- the first one is to go back to the fourth quarter gross margins. I think if we try to back out AWS, it looks like there was a little more gross margin pressure. Can you just talk to any of the puts and takes we should know about from a gross margin perspective in the fourth quarter and then that other line that I think includes the advertising business, can you just help us, any help at all on the growth of the advertising business or the impact of any of the accounting changes in the quarter? Thanks.
Brian Olsavsky: Yes. Sure. I’m sorry I skipped over that gross margin question earlier, but yeah, gross margins were well up 180 basis points year-over-year, were not up as much as prior quarters. I would say the positive tailwinds still remain, AWS has strong growth of 46% on an FX neutral basis. Third party units continue to grow, advertising dollars continue to grow very well. Some of the headwinds, I would say, were outbound shipping cost, including the free shipping that we did, but mostly, it was the higher Amazon fulfilled units and the greater use of Amazon logistics. And I would also say retail was very strong. We had a, as I think Dave mentioned, the Echo Dot was the highest selling unit globally, so devices had very strong sales in the quarter. We discussed how we don't price devices to make money. We usually will expand our content, expanding our device and usage. There are a group of customers who use our devices and then we monetize that in different ways to commitment to Amazon and the video and everything else. So a bit of it was mix, but I would say this retail, which has a lower gross margin more because of the revenue treatment was stronger in Q4.
Dave Fildes: Yeah. And just on the other revenue piece, Brian, just to get back to the accounting side. We did adopt that revenue recognition standard in 2018 as I mentioned. As part of the adoption, certain advertising services were classified as revenue rather than a reduction of cost of sales. So specific to Q4, the impact of that change was an increase of approximately $1 billion to other revenue, so you will see that in the other revenue in total.