
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Sandler with Barclays.
Ross Sandler: Hey guys, just two questions. AWS reaccelerated again this quarter. Can you just give us some color on what are the key drivers there? Was it lapping some of the price activity from a year ago? Was it higher utilization, moving up the stack? Any color there would be helpful. And then a question on shipping costs. So it looks like it grew about 31% up on shipping costs in the quarter, and that's been kind of moving in tandem with the Amazon fulfilled unit growth. Is that the right way to think about it? It looks like it might be getting a little bit of leverage in the model right now what's driving that, the shipping cost leverage?
Brian Olsavsky: Sure. Let me start with that last one. Yes, the shipping costs are going to be very tied to AFN unit growth and also the impact often greater Prime adoption and faster shipping methods. So we consider that a very strong quarter as down sequentially in the growth that we've seen recently. That will fluctuate quarter to quarter. Again, it was a very strong operational quarter in Q4, and we've expanded the number of items that shipped free. There are now over 100 million items in the U.S. So shipping cost is always going to be a strong part of our offering, and we're -- it's going to be increasing due to our business model, and we, at the same time, look then to minimize the cost by getting more and more efficient in that area, AWS, yes, if you remember last year, we did have price increases in December of last year towards the end. So it had a partial impact on the quarter. But generally, just strong usage growth -- usage growth continues to be strong growing at a higher rate than our revenue growth rate, and customers continued to add workloads and expand. And as I said, we're adding new services and features all the time, over 1,400 in 2017 alone. So it's a number of factors, I would say. It's not as simple as lapping a cost error -- excuse me, price decrease last year, but we're very happy with the performance in the AWS business. Now over a $20 billion run rate.