
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Dan Salmon: Thanks for taking the question guys. Brain, just to follow-up on one-day shipping. You noted that you begin to lap the beginning of the initiative here in the second quarter and that naturally costs can flow up with volumes. But just to be clear with you is the idea here is we anniversary at that sort of incremental expansion of one-day shipping either regionally or certain SKUs is functionally finished. I just want to make sure I understand that properly. And then just -- we can see the other number reported. Just any color within there on the advertising business. And in particular would love to hear an update just a bit on some of your brand initiatives there. I know that probably wasn't the focus in the holiday season, but it seems to be an important growing part. Thank you.
Brian Olsavsky: Sure. Let me start on the one-day. So, yeah, we do see expansion of the one-day program as we move through the year. We've been expanding since we started this effort in Q2 of last year. Expansion means additional cities, additional routes, additional zip codes. But more -- I think what you'll see more in 2020 is also an -- more effort internationally, more costs internationally. We have greatly improved our selection of one-day in -- particularly in Europe and Japan. We started with higher one-day percentage of our shipments in those geographies, but we do have to take steps and are taking steps to increase that. And we expect that to be -- it started to be a little more balanced cost globally as we move into 2020.
Dave Fildes: Yeah, Dan. In terms of your question around brands. We're focused on the certainly brands as an advertising customer set and a lot of focus on providing the products and tools that are going to help customers and really inspire them. So, things that we're really excited about stores, so a brand can customize and curate a multipage store. It allows them to better tell customers who they are share their story. So, we can help deepen the brand engagement and the customer loyalty through that type of option. Some other things like posts, which helps customers discover products and brands. And it's through a curated feed that features the brand's lifestyle content and it's on a mobile detail page. And there's international expansion in some other areas. I think broadly with advertising, so much of this is about having -- developing great relationships with these advertisers, because I think they appreciate the fidelity we can provide around shopping outcomes. We're uniquely positioned to do this given our retail business. On the advertising business, or rather I should say other revenue that line item grew about 41% year-over-year. Advertising is the biggest piece of that. Line item is growing at about the same rate. Advertising revenue is as a subset been growing at about the same rate year-over-year in the fourth quarter than it did in the third quarter.