
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark May with Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Mark A. May: Thank you. A question on the comments around the fulfillment investments. Could you characterize or maybe even quantify how much of the fulfillment infrastructure investment that you're making is kind of incremental, is geared towards handling growth and sort of the existing business and infrastructure versus expanding your capabilities in fulfillment, like adding more inbound or last mile and/or from entering new international markets where you need to invest ahead of growth versus just sort of keeping up and maintaining growth within sort of your existing footprint? And then AWS, you had some price adjustments in May, yet the Q2 growth was quite good. Can you just comment about the impact that those cuts may have had in Q2 and if you're modeling those also in your Q3 guidance, maybe the impact there? Thanks.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Yes. Let me start with the second one. So, yes, we've had numerous price decreases, and we continue to have that in the AWS business, both absolute decreases in service costs and also rolling out new services that may be cannibalizing more expensive other services that we provide. So, nothing really to note on Q2 or Q3 from that standpoint. The fulfillment investments, I can't split it out for you between Amazon logistics support sort centers and fulfillment centers. What I can say, the biggest dynamic going on again is that Amazon fulfilled unit growth of nearly 40%, which was last year and carrying into this year. It's a global number and we are very glad to have the success of the FBA program. We are matching that with just over 30% increase in square footage, and you're right, that does include some shipping sort centers and things that are incremental and new functions for us, if you will. But that's about all I can say on that right now. I think we're very happy with the FBA program. It's impact on Prime and we think Prime and FBA are self-reinforcing. We know customers really like it, the additional selection that FBA provides. So we like those combined, and we are working very hard to match that with capacity in an efficient manner.