
Operator: Thank you. And we will now open the line for question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Douglas Anmuth with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Douglas Anmuth: Thanks for taking my question. Two things I wanted to ask. First Mark, just on Messenger and WhatsApp, can you just talk more about the takeaway on the Messenger platform now that it’s been open for nearly a year to developers and how that’s informed your view on what you’re going to do with WhatsApp going forward? And then secondly Dave perhaps or Sheryl on the ad load, few years ago you talked about ad load at mid-single-digit levels and then more recently is up significantly since then. Do you still feel like there is still significant room to increase ad load here and how do you think about the theoretical ceiling there? Thanks.
Dave Wehner: I can start with the ad load question, Doug. So, ad load is definitely up significantly from where we were a couple of years ago. And as I mentioned, it’s one of the factors driving an increasing inventory. Really one thing to kind of think about here is that improving the quality and the relevance of the ads has enabled us to show more of them and without harming the experience, and our focus really remains on the experience. So, we’ll continue to monitor engagement and sentiment very carefully. I mentioned that we expect the factors that drove the performance in 2015 to continue to drive the performance in 2016. So, I think that’s the color I can give on ad loads.
Mark Zuckerberg: On Messenger, the platform efforts in 2015 focused on two things. One was expanding the different types of content that people could share in Messenger. And that diversity is going really well. And we see continued increase in video sharing and photos and stickers, and a lot of stuff that you would just call fun but that people really enjoy as different ways to express themselves. But in terms of the business, the more important piece is how people can interact with businesses through Messenger. And we started some early small tests around f8 last year where with some ecommerce services made it so that people who were buying things could follow up with the business and get customer support and buy more things. And we went through this process of integrating that and making sure that it’s integrated with all these system well. And I think everyone is really happy with that so far. So we started off pretty slowly, but that’s going to be some of the basis for how we look to make Messenger a business going forward. And we’re happy with the initial results. There is obviously a lot more there that we need to do and we’ll have more to talk about this year and beyond.