
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini from Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you. And, Mark, thank you for all the detailed commentary in the beginning. I was just wondering if you could share with us, as you look ahead over the next 12 to 24 months and you think of assets that you have that you aren't currently monetizing in material ways, which of those do you think about – when you think about kind of layering on the next leg of the stool, if you will, which one of those would you expect us or would you expect to see start to contribute in a more meaningful way over the next couple of years? How would you rank order those assets that are not currently being monetized in a significant way at this point? Thank you.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: I'll take it. So, obviously, we started with ads in Facebook, and that was something we have grown and they continue to grow. The ads have expanded quite nicely to Instagram, and Instagram represents a very healthy part of the growth and we expect that to continue as well. When you think about things that are further out, I think you then start talking about our messaging apps. We are furthest ahead in Messenger, but it's still very early days. We're quite happy with consumer engagement with 1.3 billion monthly actives on the platform, and we continue to see a lot of organic connections between businesses and consumers on the messaging platform. We now have over 8 billion messages sent between people and businesses per month, which includes automated messages. We're being very slow and deliberate with monetization. It's still in early days. But I think we've launched some things that people are excited about and interested in like click-to-Messenger ads. We also have some early nice results we can share from clients. One of them recently was LEGO. They launched a Messenger bot to help with gift recommendations, and they created a click-to-Messenger ads that link to a LEGO bot which helped provide product and gift recommendations. They reached people over 25 years old in the U.S., UK, France and Germany, and targeted people who are interested in LEGO toys and shopping, and they found a 3.4 times higher return on ad spend for click-to-Messenger ads versus those that just linked to the LEGO website. And I share that case because it shows what we're excited about. We're excited about a new surface where businesses can interact with consumers, but also really a new functionality. If you go further out, you would then start thinking about WhatsApp. We are very focused there on the user experience, but we're also focused even earlier stages on growing our business ecosystem. The WhatsApp Business app has launched, and we now have more than 3 million people actively using it to test business solutions. So that's further out, but we think it has potential as well.