
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Post from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post: Great, thank you. So Mark, from the outside, it’s really hard to tell what’s going on in the regulatory environment and status with regulators. I guess good news on the FTC settlement, but the new investigation has been started. I guess wonder if you could just give us high level to the extent you can. Is the company making progress with regulators both here and in Europe, and how you feel about that? And then, Dave, if you could talk about Europe since GDPR implementation. Has it really been a meaningful difference in your ad revenue growth rates there versus other regions? Thank you.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. So, I can talk about the regulatory picture overall. Over the last few years, we focused a lot on a number of major social issues everything from preventing election interference to reducing harmful content to protecting privacy. Now, I’m talking a lot about data portability. And on each of these, I think that there is work that we can do and that we certainly have a responsibility to really make sure that we perform well on them. But at the end of the day, when our systems are mature, there are still going to be trade-offs between important values that we all have something, I mean, on content between free expression and civil discourse and we’re moving hate and things like that. Those are hard questions that at some level, we’re always going to do the best that we can, but we think that having a more democratic process for setting with some of those norms are would be helpful. On privacy, there are really important questions about how you define what you want the system to be in terms of how much you’re locking down data versus are you making it portable for to enable competition and innovation and academic research and things like that. So, we believe that there needs to be a regulatory framework in place for each of the major issues that I just talked about. And my broader concern is that if that doesn’t get put in place, then frustration with the industry, I think, will continue to grow. And so we’re trying to do our part to help advocate for a good regulatory framework in each area and they will come in different forms. So in some places, we’ll – there will be laws passed and others might be working with regulators and having some structural rules imposed on us like with the FTC settlement; in other areas, it might be self-regulation like around, content and speech in the United States. That’s what I’d expect because of the, first amendment here is a strong protections on speech. So this is important overall, we’re very focused on it. I do think we are making progress on working through the issues and addressing them. We’re, I think, in a much stronger place in elections now. Our content systems are getting more mature, there’s a lot of more work to do in each of those. But I think we are making progress. And as said this is a global problem, not just these are global problem, not just American one. So working with folks across Europe and the other continents as well is important too.
Dave Wehner: Hey Justin, it’s Dave. As I noted in my comments. Europe is growing more slowly than North America and APAC. That said, we had a strong quarter and we’re pleased with results in currencies of factor in that delta as well. Overall, we did see Europe had a reacceleration of growth in Q2 versus Q1. And part of that is lapping the GDPR implementation. So, I think overall we’re kind of pleased with what we’re seeing around Europe, but it’s still growing more a little more slowly than North America and APAC.