
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my questions. I have one for Mark on Messenger monetization. Can you just talk about some of the biggest trends you're monitoring and what you're most excited about as you think about ways to monetize Messenger over the next two or three years? And then on engagement, you continue to grow Instagram and Messenger user bases really healthily. I guess I'd be curious to hear, do you still continue to see rising time spent per user across all three of those platforms, even as the DAU base gets bigger? Thanks.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: Can you start with the stats, Wehner?
David M. Wehner: Sure. Yes, I can start with the stats, Mark. On the engagement front, we're seeing time spent growth per DAU across the Facebook family of apps, and that includes Facebook itself. Instagram has been strong, especially with Feed Ranking and Stories. We're not breaking out specific time spent stats on a quarterly basis on those. And then on the Messenger monetization front...?
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: I can talk about the strategy. The first thing that we need to do on Messenger and WhatsApp is get a lot of businesses using it organically and build the behavior for people that they reach out to businesses for different things, like customer support or for getting news content, things that may not eventually be the big business use cases but establish the behavior of people interacting not only with their close friends, but also with businesses. In terms of making money on that, once we have that behavior, I think there are going to be a number of ways that we can amplify that. We're already experimenting with a couple. One is ads that actually display a News Feed, not in Messenger or WhatsApp, but that link to the ability to communicate with a business directly in Messenger or eventually WhatsApp. And that's great, it converts better for the businesses. They can have a better dialogue with the person and a persistent relationship. So that's one way that I think that this will be valuable. The other way is of course eventually showing paid content in Messenger, whether that's in the inbox or in relevant ways throughout the product. But the top priority right now is just building out the base of organic interaction between people and businesses that they want to interact with. And once we get that to a big base, then there are going to be a lot of opportunities to build a business, and the business will be proportional to the amount of that activity that people want to do organically.