
Operator: The next question is from Mark May with Citi. Your line is open.
Mark A. May: Thanks. I had two, if I could. We noticed a very impressive acceleration in user MAU growth and focus in the quarter. It seemed like it was pretty much in every region of the world. What, if anything, can you attribute that to? I know that you seem to be running more TV ads, at least where I live. But wonder if anything you could attribute that to. And then secondly, again on video, as more and more people and businesses are uploading video, I assume that there's a lot of good video content on Facebook, but I don't see all of it. Question is really around video discovery. What strategies do you have going forward to improve video discovery from what is today more of a push-based model to something that may be akin to a pull-based model where I can enjoy all the great video content that's on Facebook? Thanks.
David M. Wehner: Hey, Mark, it's Dave. Just on the user growth point, we're obviously pleased with the growth we're seeing across the globe in terms of DAU growth. The three largest countries were India, the U.S. and Brazil. So we're seeing good diversified growth. I mean, specifically we've made a lot of initiatives to help improve and invest in the Facebook experience in emerging markets and that has helped drive some of the acceleration in growth. And so we've made a number of product and performance investments there with Facebook like being a good example of that. The question then was on video and discovery and...
Mark A. May: Yeah.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: And also just on the growth point, I just think the team that's working on that is executing extremely well. I mean, sometimes it's not that you came up with some brilliant strategy, it's just like really good work consistently over a long period of time. So – and then I think they are. On video, yeah, right now the strength in our system is definitely through helping people discover content that they hadn't really asked for through News Feed. And a lot of, I think, what we need to do is give people a way to see all of the videos that page that they like or follow is interested in sharing on Facebook. And there's a pretty clear roadmap of stuff that we're going to do over the next couple of years that I'm quite excited about to add some more dimensions to the video experience on Facebook. But we're just so early in this right now. It's pretty amazing how quickly it's growing but there's a lot more to do.