
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney, RBC Capital Markets. Mark Mahaney, your line is open.
Mark Mahaney: Sorry about that, a comment and two questions. I think this incremental spend or this materially increased spend on security is highly unfortunate, but I think it makes eminent sense. I think most long-term investors realize that community maximization, including security, would lead to long-term profit maximization. So I think it makes eminent sense. Two quick questions, the Watch tab, is there any evidence or any data points you can give us to what kind of traction you're seeing with that so far? I was surprised by how many people are on the Marketplace. Any relevant data like that for Watch tab? And then secondly, of all the regions, Europe really stuck out to us as one that showed surprising acceleration. And I know you talked a little bit about that, Sheryl did, about the SMB pickup in traction there. Any other color for why Europe would have accelerated so much in terms of its revenue growth? Thank you.
David M. Wehner: Sure, let me I guess hit both of those and then Sheryl can add any color she'd like. On the Watch tab, I think it's just early. So I think it's too early to be talking about any stats there. In terms of Europe, one thing to note is that we did pick up currency advantages there. So it was 56% on a reported basis but 51% on a constant currency basis, still a healthy growth rate. I think it's a strong economy there. I think the team is executing well there, so I think you've got a variety of factors. As then as Sheryl commented in her prepared remarks, SMB has been particularly strong in Europe. And so I think that's one of the key drivers and one of the things we're really happy with.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: One clarification on your question two is that the 550 million people is across both Marketplace and buy-and-sell groups, not just the Marketplace tab. So that's the total amount of activity that we're seeing there across both of those things.