
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan from UBS.
Eric J. Sheridan: Thanks for taking the question, maybe one thematic question on Instagram for Mark and Sheryl. I wanted to understand what you're seeing in terms of the development of the community on the user growth side, the engagement side, as well as on the monetization side with respect to breadth of advertisers and ad product evolution, what that means for Instagram's future and how it compares to maybe what you've learned growing the business on the Facebook side over the last couple years. Thanks so much.
David M. Wehner: Eric, why don't I take that and then Sheryl can augment with some additional color? So when you think about Instagram, we're seeing great growth there with the community. So this past quarter, we announced 700 million monthly actives, so that was a big announcement. And that's broad-based growth across the globe, so we're pleased with that. In terms of the development on the advertising side, we're not specifically breaking out Instagram revenue, as you know, because that's sold through the same Facebook ad interfaces, but we're seeing really good contribution and good growth there. And we're developing it across a wide variety of ad products, so VR is becoming a more significant part of the Instagram story, where it was originally more brand-focused. But we've expanded the product offerings on the Direct Response front, and we're continuing to bring more ad products to Instagram.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: We're pretty excited about what's happening in the Instagram ad space because Facebook and Instagram are the two most important mobile ad platforms. And there's a special property with Instagram, which is that the increasing visualization of ads and the creative canvas it offers with the science behind the Facebook targeting and measurement system is really a pretty unusual combination. We're also seeing very broad adoption, including small customers. We are pretty excited to have 1 million advertisers and 8 million Instagram business profiles on the platform. To share one example, an online store in Brazil called Loja Nama, they sell decorative items and accessories. Their business owner, Joanna [Cariello], took photos of her products on her phone and then created ads with our Shop Now button. She targeted young audiences in Brazil who are interested in fashion, decoration, movies, and architecture. And during the period of her campaign, Instagram accounted for 79% of her sales. And I think what that shows is the power of the very sophisticated targeting we offer across our platforms along with really the ability to use very simple tools like a phone to create very sophisticated but visually compelling ads.