
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Ross Sandler from Barclays.
Ross Sandler: Hey, guys. Just had two questions on video. We know it's early, but what kind of traction do you see with the video tab that's in beta? And do you think longer term the video consumption is going to be in that dedicated tab, or will it stay in the News Feed based on what you're seeing right now? And then, Dave, just to follow up on your previous answers, so are the costs related to video ad rev share or licensing of video content, is that baked into your OpEx guidance for 2017, or is that something that will step up after this year? Thank you.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: I don't know if we have any public stats on the video tab, probably not. But in terms of the strategy, I can talk about that quickly. There were two basic use cases for checking in with Facebook and seeing what's going on in the world. What people do with News Feed a lot of the time is they have a few free minutes, or you want to sit down for maybe a longer session to see everything that's going on in the world. You don't have a specific intention to watch a specific type of content. You just want to check in and see what's going on in the world. There's this whole other use case around content, which is going to the app or sitting down at a TV because there's some content that you want to watch and you want to go directly to it. And that's what we're trying to do with the video tab, to make it so that all the different folks, whether they're pages that you follow or creators that you like, who you want to subscribe to and get the updates to what they're doing, that you have a place that you can go to with more intent to consume that content. The reason why it needs to be a different tab or at least a different service from News Feed is because people come to it with a different intent. I think you're going to start in the future getting people coming to Facebook for the News Feed use case of checking in and people coming with an intent to go to the video tab to watch a specific video. So that's what we're doing there. That's the strategy, and I guess we'll update on stats when we have them.
David M. Wehner: And, Ross, on the costs related to the video ad rev share, yes, our guidance on total cost is all-inclusive, so it includes all the R&D investments we're making. It includes the content. It includes things like the Community Operations investments that we talked about today in the announcement. But I would say that the nature of the types of video content deals that we're doing will make them more likely to show up after 2017. So there will be some content expense in 2017, but I think it will be something you will see step up after 2017.