
Operator: We will now open the lines for question-and-answer session.  Your first question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan.
Doug Anmuth: Thanks for taking the question. Mark, can you maybe just talk a little bit more about the time frame for building out a privacy-focused social platform? Are we thinking about one year, three years, five years, and what’s the right way to think about that? And also how do you layer in additional services and functionality for users from there as you go along? And then one for Sheryl as well around Stories ads, you mentioned 3 million-plus advertisers, can you just talk about how the increased density there is translating into pricing relative to the feed? And your view over time, how Stories ads could monetize relative to feed ads? Thank you.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. For the time frame for this, I think that this is going to be a central focus for the company for the next five years or longer. Parts of this, we already have a strong foundation on, where WhatsApp and Messenger are strong around the world. But in a lot of the most important countries for this like that – like I mentioned in the United States and Japan, we are not the leading private communication service today. So there, the most important thing that we need to do is get the basics right and make sure that we are providing, hands down, without any question in anyone’s mind, the clear best service in those areas. So we’ll talk about both of these things over – a lot over the coming months and the plan – I’ll share a little bit more at F8 next week in terms of the product roadmap and what we expect to see on this. But some of the things we’re also going to intentionally take a longer period of time than we might have previously in order to get safety right. So when I first announced that we were going to be moving our private communication services to all be end-to-end encrypted, I was very clear that we’re planning on taking at least a year to go consult with experts and governments and law enforcements around the world to make sure that we have the right safety systems in place to make sure that we handle this really well, right? Because there are really important safety and content issues in messaging and if we don’t have the ability to see the content, we need to make sure we have different tools in place to handle that. And this is a different approach than we would’ve taken a few years ago, right? A few years ago, we probably would’ve rolled this out and tried to deal with issues as they came up with, but now part of our new approach of trying to be more proactive about social issues is trying to build in from the ground up, getting this right upfront. So the playbook is going to be work on getting the basics right, make sure that we have safety rights from the beginning. In countries where we already are the leading platform, there will be more ability to work on things like payments in the near term and build in additional ways that people want to interact privately. But in terms of when I expect this to be a real contributor to the business, I don’t think in the next couple of years that’s going to be a major driver. This is just a big focus for us which is why I’m talking about it now.
Dave Wehner: So Doug, it’s Dave. I’ll take the question on Stories. So we are seeing more of our impression growth coming from Stories, and when I outlined the factors driving impression growth, I listed Stories first. It was the largest contributor of year-over-year impression growth in the quarter. But those impressions are coming in at lower prices than we see in feed. So if anything, the mix shift on growth towards Stories is certainly in the near term a headwind on revenue growth. On pricing specifically, we’re seeing such strong impression growth that this supply growth keeps prices low and creates an opportunity for advertisers, and we’re seeing smart advertisers take advantage of that. Ultimately, we believe we can increase demand for Stories as we attract more advertisers and bring more effective direct response units to Stories. But this – and over time, that will play through to increased prices but this is going to take years, not quarters. So at least in the near term, we’re going to see a meaningful discount on prices on Stories.