
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan.
Doug Anmuth: Thanks for taking the question. One for Mark and one for Dave. First Mark, how are you thinking about the opposition that you’ve received so far around Libra? Because it changed your view of the timeframe at all in terms of rolling out the currency. And then second, Dave just, you talked about the higher demands of privacy. Can you just talk about how that could impact expense growth as you think about 2020, where in the past, you’ve talked about more moderate expense growth for next year? Thanks.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. So, on Libra and similar to our approach on some of the important social issues that we face around encryption and content regulation and things like that. We get that these are really important and sensitive spaces. So, our approach has been to try to have a very open dialog about this, right. If Facebook from a few years ago would have probably just showed up and tried to release a product on our own. And now, the approach on all of these fronts is to outline the ideas in the values that we think an eventual service should have. We’ve opened a period of, however, long it takes to address regulators and different experts and constituents questions about this and then figure out what the best way to move forward is and that’s certainly what we’re planning to do with Libra. So, we worked with the 27 other members of the association to publish the white paper to put the idea out there expecting that this is a very important and heavily regulated area and there were going to be a lot of questions. We’re going to have to work through that. So, I think we’re currently in the process of doing that. We are trying to provide a safe and stable and well-regulated product. So that’s always been the strategy and we’ll continue to engage it here.
Dave Wehner: And then Doug, you were asking about the impacts on expense growth. We’re not giving guidance, specifically on the 2020 expense outlook. But the privacy efforts do require significant investments obviously and compliance processes, people and then technical infrastructure and those are factored into the 2019 operating expense outlook. One of the impacts that I’d point to you is it’s also a reallocation of resources around privacy. So that will have an impact on our overall product development as well. So that’s something that I’d factor in both in terms of just the overall impact to the business, not purely just the expense side.