
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my question; I have two. Just to go back to the story monetization point with the 3 million advertisers, could you just talk us through some of the main strategies you’ve used to really drive the Stories advertiser adoption? And then any clarity you can help us better understand what type of lifts you’re seeing in spend per advertiser as they start to spend on both News Feed and Stories? And then, Dave, just to come back to your comments about revenue for the year you mentioned the ad targeting headwinds would be more pronounced in the second half. Can you help us better understand why that is, the sort of changes to expect that would drive that? Thanks.
Sheryl Sandberg: Yes, this is Sheryl; I’ll take the Stories question. So one of the things we learned is that consumers usually move to new features, to new products, to new places before marketers, and it’s really up to us to help marketers move there quickly. We definitely saw that with mobile, that one of the barriers was convincing marketers that they needed to be with mobile. But then there was a second barrier which was just making it easier for them to do it. If you take your long TV ad or your 30-second TV spot and you just put it on mobile, it doesn’t perform as well as a mobile first ad, and that’s been something we’ve worked on. Now, we’re really applying that lesson to Stories. First, we need to convince marketers that people are using Stories, and I think having seen the mobile shift, their process – they’re getting that I think more quickly. But then we have to make it easy. So if you look at some of the tools and products I’ve talked about in the last couple of quarters, now you can – rather than us saying to you, go make a Stories ad you can just send us some pictures, some text, some very easy posts and we will create some Stories ads for you. So our process is, we have one sales team selling all of these products; I think that helps us a lot because they already have those relationships. And we’re doing all we can to make it very easy to adopt the format. We also want to make this as automated as possible. So the long run view should be that you can give us maybe simple pictures, maybe simple videos, maybe an ad you’ve produced, and we can do the placement for you, because we think over time our systems will do a better job deciding where your ads should be placed and even helping you target until you’re seeing us build tools in that direction as well. In terms of how much of its incremental, I’m sure not all of it is. There’s – definitely has to be some cannibalization for people who are doing feed ads as they get Stories. But we’ve seen that over time as we move people we’re able to get increasing shares, hopefully, of their budget but it’s our job to earn that. We tell marketers all over the world that we want to be the best dollar, the best minute, the best euro they spend and it’s up to us to prove that ROI and we’re going to continue to do that.
Dave Wehner: Hey, Brian, it’s Dave. We already talked about on the supply side the impact that Stories is having. And the supply growth really getting driven by Stories is coming through at lower prices, so that’s one of the factors that factors into the lower growth outlook for the second half. But on the demand side, want to specifically call out several factors that are contributing to ad targeting headwinds. The first is just the evolution of the regulatory landscape, and here I would point to regulations like GDPR. The number of people who have opted out on using context from the apps and websites they visit for ad targeting has continued to increase since the adoption of GDPR, so we’ve seen that come up both in Europe and around the world. That means those people are seeing less relevant ads and that’s an ad targeting headwind for our business. The second factor is just anticipated changes that mobile platforms will make that will make targeting and measurement more difficult. And the third is Facebook – our own product changes. For example, in the fall we plan to roll out our tool for seeing and clearing your off-Facebook browsing history. In addition, we’ve introduced restrictions on the use of certain targeting criteria from some ads. So we’re seeing a cumulative impact from all of these factors leading to – leading to what we expect to be targeting headwinds for the – for the back half of the year.