
Operator: The next question is from Ben Schachter with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Ben Schachter: You’ve had a lot of success with standalone apps, so should we expect to see you launching more such apps and could a standalone video app would be a part of that particularly for people who just want to watch a video? And then secondly on the virtual reality, another question. Can you just discuss the supply constraints in terms of how many units you can ship per month? And should we expect those shipments to accelerate into the holiday? And then also related to that, how are you going to work with retailers to show consumers the power of Oculus in store and in person? Thanks.
Mark Zuckerberg: So, on the apps question, the ones that have done the best are things that augment core Facebook functionality for large subsets of the community. So, for example, we have this Pages Manager App. There are 50 million businesses that have pages on Facebook. And while that is not a huge number compared to the size of the overall community of people, it’s a very large number of people and businesses. And giving a focused experience for the person who wants to run their business through Facebook and be communicating with their customers all day long, that’s just proven to be an incredibly engaging experience that drives content into the system and is good overall. We have introduced a number of things like that for public figures, for groups, messengers, probably been the most successful; it’s something that’s connected to the Facebook experience that now has more than 800 million people using it. So, I do think that there’re additional opportunities for this and we’ll continue looking at them.
Dave Wehner: Ben just following up on VR and supply constraints, so we have two products. You’ve got Gear VR and Samsung is really handling all of that from a hardware perspective, and obviously they’re well prepared on that front. With Rift, it’s really -- it’s early in the evolution of VR; it’s early to be talking about large volumes. So, at this point I don’t think we’re giving a lot of color around supply chain and that sort of thing. It’s not going to be material to our financials this year.