
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with UBS.
Eric J. Sheridan: Thanks for taking the question, maybe two if I can. Mark, in the changes you talked about at the product level at the beginning part of the year, as you've started to make those changes and some of the content people see on the platform has evolved, what does that mean for engagement? What are you seeing in terms of the way people are using Facebook? I know it's early days, but curious if you've seen anything in terms of change of behavior. And then, Sheryl, we're starting to pick up from advertisers a lot of momentum and positive commentary on messaging platforms, especially Facebook Messenger. Wanted to know if you'd give us any color about your own conversations on the business side, on the messaging apps, WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, and how investors should think about the opportunity there. Thanks.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: I can speak to the first point. So we made a number of changes and are still making changes to prioritize meaningful interactions between people over passive consumption of content. And that follows a lot of feedback directly from our community that people want Facebook to be more about friends and family and less about just content consumption. And it also follows the well-being research that we've done that suggests that when people use the Internet for interacting with people and building relationships, that is correlated with all of the positive measures of well-being that you just expect like longer term health and happiness, feeling more connected and less lonely, whereas just passively consuming content is not necessarily positive on those dimensions. So we've been rolling out a number of changes, both product changes and ranking the News Feed. As I said in my opening remarks, that has increased or we've observed increases in some types of sharing and interaction between people based on that. We've also observed some continued declines as we've done this and in the passive consumption of video, specifically. Overall, I'd say that these changes are doing what we expected that they would do and helping people to connect more and have more meaningful interactions. I think that that's the thing that people can uniquely do on Facebook that they can't do on other services that may be more about just consuming content. So we think that this is going in the direction of building a stronger community and a stronger business over the long term, and we're optimistic about what we're seeing here.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: On Messenger, we continue to be primarily focused on consumer growth and engagement, and we're being slow and deliberate with monetization. It's worth noting this isn't a feed product, so there are some more unknowns here. But I think the potential is real and big and growing. We see a lot of organic connections between businesses and consumers, and our experience is that where are those – where we have those organic connections, that's very promising to turn that into monetization as well. We have over 18 million businesses now communicating with their customers through Messenger. We have 2 billion messages sent between people and businesses a month, which includes automated messages. And we're focused on launching new tools that help businesses use Messenger. For this quarter, we launched new quick replies for customers. We're seeing ads in inbox, which are now available to all advertisers. It's really early, but nice pick up and nice buzz there. And click to Messenger ads on Facebook are actually very promising as well because advertisers want to see a return for the money they spend. And when they have an ad and they can get a direct contact one to one with a customer, that's been something that people are really excited about. So early days, but I think a lot of potential here.