
Operator: Your next question comes from Colin Sebastian from Baird.
Colin Sebastian: Great, thanks. A couple from me. First off, any update on the higher profile for groups in the Facebook app and any perspective on how that’s impacting engagements. And then Mark, the five-year timeline for the privacy focused vision. I guess, I wonder if we get a better sense for what the key milestones are along the way and why that’s a five-year outlook perhaps versus the shorter period? Thank you.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes, I could take both of those. So in the Facebook app overall after helping people connect with friends and family, helping people connected with communities is the next most important social problem that we believe we can help address and that’s just going to be an area of increasing value in the product. That is going well since we started rolling that out after F8, I think Dave may have mentioned this earlier, but in case you didn’t just to emphasize this point I think part of the – our strong performance over the first half of this year, a meaningful part of our overperformance compared to what we had expected is because of strength and engagement in the Facebook app over that period. So that’s – it’s generally going well overall and we’re very optimistic about communities in particular going forward is one of the drivers of that. What was the second question?
Dave Wehner: The five-year.
Mark Zuckerberg: Right, okay. So on that’s on the privacy vision. So for the next year to two a lot of the work that we need to do is just about getting the architecture right. Right so establishing, we have to rewrite the networks on Messenger and on Instagram to be more client and server oriented to be end-to-end encrypted. We’re working on interoperability, that people will be able to choose to use between the services. These are pretty big technical projects. We want to make it so that the infrastructure that these services are built on is the most secure and most reliable and fastest and most widely available of any of the major messaging platforms out there, we think that that’s the foundation to build a successful private platform on. Then we need to do things like what we’re doing with WhatsApp business, which is building up the business ecosystem and that’s just something that our playbook on this but this is a multiyear journey where first we deliver the consumer product experience, then we create organic business experiences and then only as the last step, are we really able to ramp up having business that pay for things that are meaningful for them within that. So it’s not that you’re not going to see progress on that along the way, you’ll certainly see milestones every six months or 12 months. But before this is really the biggest driver of our business, I do think that that’s going to be a number of years.
Deborah Crawford: Great. Operator, we have time for one last question.