
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark May from Citi.
Mark May: Thanks for taking my questions. First, we’ve seen nice improvement in the rate of expense growth lately. And on the Q4 call, you said you expected in 2020 the expense growth will be more in line with revenue growth. Just curious if that is something that you still feel comfortable with? And then secondly in terms of WhatsApp and WhatsApp status specifically, what are your plans as it relates to ads on WhatsApp status? Have you tested here or have any plans to test? Thank you.
Dave Wehner: Yes. Thanks, Mark. So in terms of, in terms of our overall expense outlook. Our current outlook for 2019 does suggests that we’ll see margins come down this year versus 2018. Even if you were to set aside the $5 billion FTC accrual. We’re not providing specific guidance for 2020 or beyond. The investment priorities remain the same. In addition to the privacy investment priorities that we outlined today will continue to invest in key areas like core product infrastructure, innovation, video and content and safety and security over the long run. So we’re not at this point providing any more specific guidance on 2020.
Sheryl Sandberg: On WhatsApp Status ads are not available. We’re very focused for WhatsApp on the consumer experience. But I will take a minute to talk about Stories ads in general, because I think eventually depending on our ability to use data across platform that applies to WhatsApp it’s probably pretty important part of the story that’s going on with Facebook right now. So we do have Stories ads available across Facebook, Instagram and Messenger, and I think one of the most important things we learned as we were doing it transition to mobile is if we made it easy for our advertisers to place the ads, make sure they understood the measurement they were having and also make sure the ad format worked, businesses would move more quickly. Usually people move before businesses people move to mobile before businesses and we certainly saw the same with Stories. But I think one of the successes you are seeing we’re having right now is that we are helping people move to Stories more quickly because of the lessons we learned. So for example, automatic placements, what automatic placements do is they convert Feed ads into a Stories format and deliver the ads wherever they get their best results. And I think it’s product innovations like that that have gotten us to three million advertisers. So rather than across the three properties we have available Facebook, Instagram and Messenger. So rather than go to every advertiser both through our sales force and through our online tools where we sell and say we have a new format, you need to create the new format, you need to figure out the placement being able to just take what they are already doing like Feed ads, converted into Stories and place at anywhere helps us move people into these formats. It’s also a case of we have a lot of inventory on this. And so there is a real benefit right now to being an early adopter, the pricing is very attractive. And so we think the mix shift to Stories is the big opportunity for us and advertisers over time. I’ll say one more thing, which is that Stories don’t monetize right now at the same rate as News Feed. We’re optimistic about the growth over the long run, but we are as always very prudent and careful on the consumer experience.