
Operator: The next question is from Paul Vogel with Barclays. Your line is open.
Paul Vogel: Great. Thanks. Two questions. One, big picture, Mark, there's a lot of debate around what content is appropriate for Facebook to block and not block. I'm just wondering if you could talk a little bit about how you decide what to censor and not censor in terms of on the content side. And then less big picture, but just in terms of fourth quarter, given it's a big retail quarter, any increased testing around direct retail on the platform? Thanks.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: I can answer the policy question and then I guess Sheryl will take the other one. The guiding principle for us on this is that we want to give the most voice to the most people. And the idea is that there are all these different barriers that any given person has to being able to share and express everything that they want, from technical barriers, it's really hard to communicate with someone if you're not on the internet and they're far away, to product barriers, it's hard to share videos if we don't have a good product for sharing videos, to legal barriers, it's hard to share content that your government says is illegal for you to share. And at the end of the day, there's also policy and you're in a community and we have community standards for how we think people should communicate in order to be safe. Because even if you have all of the internet connectivity and the products and the legal framework that you need, if you don't feel safe saying what you want to express, then you're probably not going to share it. And we see a lot of that online and that's a pretty big issue from everything from bullying to terrorism, there are lots of reasons why people might otherwise have the tools to share what they would want but feel silenced. And that isn't giving the most voice to the most people. So we feel a responsibility to have policies for our community which limit hate speech and limit things which are going to create just an overwhelmingly uncomfortable environment for people that is going to silence other people's speech in order to make sure that over the long-term we are enabling the most people to be able to express as much as possible as they can. And that's the philosophy that we have.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: On commerce going into the holiday season, commerce is a really important vertical for us and we're working hard to make our ads more effective. So what we're seeing from DPA ads and carousel ads, we're really happy with. We're seeing lower cost per conversion. When people do multiple objectives and video, we're seeing lower cost per click than single image link ads. And importantly, we're also creating better experiences for people because when an ad is more targeted, more relevant, when you see a product you're interested in or a service you're interested in, that's a better experience. So we go into the holidays feeling that we have a really strong product offering, certainly the best product offering we've ever had to connect people to the products they're going to buy this holiday.