
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian from Baird.
Colin Sebastian: Thank you. Mark, maybe a bigger picture question. I'm wondering how you think about the increase in scrutineer oversights impacting your or the Company's ability to explore new services, new markets and ultimately remain competitive or is that not really a factor at this point? And then on payments, related to the WhatsApp test, I'm just wondering how far off in the distance do you think we are from seeing a connected payments ecosystem across the family of apps and do the growing pains for Libra impact the timing of that. Thank you.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. So look, I think some of what you might be asking about are the antitrust questions that are out there in the investigations and I can talk a bit about this, if it's helpful. I mean, look, I think a lot of the antitrust questions that are out there that are going to be about our acquisition of Instagram, right. And some of that -- how that might affect other things that we do today, but -- so there's going to be a lot of scrutiny of that acquisition in particular. And so I think if it's helpful I'll go back to what it was like at the time there when we did that acquisition just to kind of lay out how we were thinking about this. And at the time of course in some way we considered Instagram to be a competitor, but we've always thought that the better way to target -- to think about Instagram was that it's complementary to Facebook and what we're doing. Back in 2012, people generally didn't think of Instagram as competing with our core service. We thought about Instagram in the context of this new mobile camera space that was complementary. If you remember, back then we were building the Facebook camera app. There were lots of different services. There is a camera plus VSCO Cam, Socialcam, Viddy, Snapseed. There were even apps like PAS . They were all in the same space. We thought that mobile photos we're going to be important. So we were competing there with things like Facebook camera, but we ultimately thought that we were going to do better work if we were building with Instagram. But if you remember at the time, Instagram was focused on helping people take photos, apply creative filters and share them publicly across different social networks including Facebook. It wasn't a full featured social network itself. It only had about 30 million people using it at the time. I mean, I remember specifically Kevin and I set a goal that we hope that one day Instagram might reach 100 million people. And I know that that seems quaint today compared to how well it's done. But remember that a lot of the other services that were Instagram's peers and were growing quickly at the time including startups with strong teams and very talented founders like Path don't really even exist today anymore. So look, I mean at the end of the day, the FTC makes its judgment on what we can do, the FTC had all this context when they made this decision in 2012. And the reality is, it ends up being a lot more complementary than I think we ever expected. Look, I mean, building services like this is hard, right. Instagram wouldn't be what it is today without Kevin and Mike who are just really incredible product leaders and of course did a lot of amazing work. But it also wouldn't be what it is without everything that we put into it and whether that's the infrastructure or our advertising model or spam and safety services and a lot more. And I know it can be really hard given how well things have gone to look back and remember what the world was like at the time that we made this acquisition. But our outlook was really different then and the outcome was not all guaranteed. So look, I mean I think for all the concern about whether there is enough competition, the space today continues to be incredibly competitive. We have different competitors in the space today like Snapchat, which shows that people are always building new ideas. And on mobile phones. Of course remember that both Apple and Google has built cameras and private photo sharing and photo management directly into their operating system. So I think that kind of gives you a picture of how we think about some of the scrutiny that's coming and just how we think about doing these things in general.
Dave Wehner: About commerce.
Colin Sebastian: Yes, sorry. Yes, how far off is a connected commerce -- payment ecosystem.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure well, I mean we do a lot of stuff around commerce. I mean, we have Facebook Marketplace is probably the most advanced and hundreds of millions of people use that to buy and sell things. Instagram Shopping of course a lot earlier. But we're very optimistic about it. But we are optimistic on the timeframe of years, right not driving next quarter's business. And then in terms of payments, there's multiple approaches that we're taking there. We're of course working on payments in WhatsApp. We have our test going in India. It's the test really shows that a lot of people are going to want to use this product. We're very optimistic that we're going to able to launch to everyone in India soon, but of course will share more news when we have that. And we also differentiate between payment systems that are built on top of the existing financial infrastructure like what we're trying to do with WhatsApp payments or when we make payments in Instagram Shopping, and our work with something like Libra that is trying to build some new technological infrastructure for financial services. So they're working on different thing. If Libra works, then it will be able to make certain kind of payments whether they're micropayments or remittances across borders. We'll be able to be done much faster and much more affordably than it can happen today on top of existing rail. So I remain optimistic that we'll be able to do work there, but we're just working across a lot of different fronts here because this is a huge space. It's one of the areas that I am most excited and optimistic about for the years ahead. There's a lot to do, which is why we have a lot of different projects that we're trying to push forward here.
Sheryl Sandberg: Operator, we have time for one last question.