
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Greenfield from BTIG.
Richard Greenfield: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. On one of your blogs, you put a post up basically detailing basically what people were doing during TV, and you showed a control group where Facebook usage was really constant. And then you did a group that was watching the TV show, and you saw huge spikes of Facebook usage during the television – during the ad breaks during the show. Wondering like, as you go talk to marketers, obviously, TV ratings are down a lot. How does that type of study – I realize it's just one TV show. But as you make the pitch of why are you not shifting dollars faster to Facebook, how does that type of research start to play into their thinking? And what's holding them back? Is it just the creative doing, or the embracing of 6-second ads? What's the block to getting more of that $70 billion of TV ad dollars to shift over faster? Thanks.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: That was just one study, and I don't want to overstate its importance in how we sell ads. We make the case to our clients that consumers are moving to mobile and that they need to move to mobile. And not that mobile should replace all of their other advertising, but responsible marketers with great companies, large and small, still advertise on TV, and they advertise on mobile, and they advertise in other places. Our goal is to be the best dollar and the best minute anyone spends, and the case we make is that we want them to take advantage of the opportunity that is mobile and the opportunity for the targeting we offer and the measurement we offer. I think what has taken us time and continues to take us time is we need to convince marketers to make mobile-first video and other ad formats. We talk a lot about how the first TV ads were people reading their radio ads in front of microphones. And we're still in the case that when people go to put an ad on mobile, they often will take an ad that's really produced for TV and put it on mobile. And those work and they can work well, but they do not work as well as ads that are natively mobile, like the Tropicana example I shared in my earlier comments. Mobile ads when they're video are shorter. The brand comes in faster. They tell a story that doesn't evolve but really gets you to understand the brand and the offering really quickly. We talk about it as thumb-stopping creatives. And so the work that we have cut out for us is to help marketers and working with their agencies evolve the format of the ads so that they're optimized for mobile, optimized for Facebook, optimized for Instagram. I think we're making progress, but we have a long way to go there.