
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Mark May with Citi.
Mark May: Thanks a lot. I just wanted to ask a follow-up question regarding Mark's comments that user engagement had declined by I think 50 million minutes in – daily hours in the quarter. I guess the question is how confident are you that that impact was due to News Feed changes that you made proactively versus some other factor outside your control, and if you are still fairly early in the process of making these quality improvements to the News Feed, do you expect for engagement declines to continue going forward? And just for Dave, I know you choose your words carefully, just want to clarify, you mentioned this year you expect constant currency ad revenue growth to decelerate consistent with trends that we've seen in the last year. I think your constant currency growth rate in 2017 declined by about 12 percentage points. Is that kind of what you're trying to lead us towards? Thanks.
David Wehner: I can take the second question first, Mark. I think what I am trying to say is that we do expect constant currency revenue growth to continue to decelerate consistent with steady deceleration that we've seen over the past year, so we do expect that trend to continue. I'm not putting specific percentages around it.
Mark Zuckerberg: So in Q4, we made a number of quality changes that were largely around video. We are going to continue to make quality changes now going forward around meaningful social interaction. And I do think that that is likely going to continue this trend of decreasing passive consumption, but if we do our jobs well, it should increase the number of meaningful interactions that people have. And we think that that's going to be positive, right. So we think it'll help make the community stronger over the long-term. I mean we think it'll be good for the business over the long-term, but this is what people are telling us is what they want on the product. It's the unique value that people expect from Facebook. You can go to a lot of places to consume content, but there aren't a lot of services where you can strengthen your relationships, that's what people want, so that's the right thing for us to focus on, and it also lines up with all the well being research that we've done which – and as you know, there have been a lot of debate over the last year about the utility of social media on the Internet, and we take this very seriously, right. It's our responsibility, too, to make sure that we understand everything that's going on on our platform. And one of the big takeaways from that is that time when people are engaging and building relationships, is good time and that correlates with all the aspect of long-term well being that you'd expect like happiness, and health, and feeling more connected and feeling less alone, and in all of the things that qualitatively matter in our lives. And we think that we can help drive that and improve people's lives by doing that, so we're absolutely going to go do that. End of Q&A
Sheryl Sandberg: Great. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your time and we look forward to speaking with you again.