
Operator: Your next question comes from Heather Bellini from Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you. I had two questions. The first one I guess, Mark, was given the focus on back-end integration that you’ve been talking about and a platform increasingly focused on privacy, I was wondering how you think about the incremental expenses, if any, to achieve this? And in particular, if I go back to your comments on your third quarter earnings call, you commented that over time, you knew there was a need to ensure that costs and revenue were better matched. Does any of your recent areas of focus change your timeframe associated with that to occur? And then I had a follow-up on IGTV and Watch. I was just wondering if you could share with us how these are performing versus your expectations and kind of what the differences are that you are seeing between the two? Thank you.
Dave Wehner: Heather, I can – I can take that. I mean in terms of the focus on privacy, the one thing that I would – I would sort of cite there, if anything the priority for messaging is clear, the focus on privacy and interoperability, and that means that monetization for messaging is a lower, near-term priority so that has some – has some impact on the outlook. And then when it comes to how we’re thinking about expense growth as we look beyond 2019, we’re not providing specific guidance but I’d note that we continue to invest aggressively across the business and there’s no change in our long-term outlook on the need to invest heavily in areas like safety and security, innovation in our core product and infrastructure and the ultimate impact that those will have on our operating margin. So, we’re still positioned to invest aggressively both in 2019 and beyond. On IGTV and Watch, do you want to – does anybody want to take that or...?
Mark Zuckerberg: Well if you were going to – you’re going to have to do the numbers and then I’ll do the color. Go for it with whatever you wanted to say and then I’ll jump in after. All right, we’ll – before we get to IGTV and Watch, I’ll just add on the cost point that this is something that I’m focused on personally. I care a lot about making sure that we want make the right investments in safety and innovation long-term, so I’m committed to doing that. But of course, I get that in running a company you don’t want to have costs growing at a much faster rate than your revenue for a long period of time. And that’s why I called that out last time exactly, because I care about making sure that we get that back more and more in line soon. On Watch, generally this is starting to go quite well. There’s – it’s early, but one of the big questions around Watch that we had early on was what is going to be people’s demand to go to a separate tab to have an experience that’s dedicated to interacting with people around a certain type of content? If you remember the reason why we got to this strategy, it was because people wanted to watch a lot of video, but we saw that passive consumption of video was displacing social interactions and News Feed. And when you think about what Facebook stands for in the world, and the really unique value that we can deliver to people, it’s primarily around helping people stay connected and have a meaningful interaction. So, it was really important to me, and I think to making – to the long term of what our product stands for it to make sure that News Feed is always about meaningful interaction. While people wanted to consume a lot of video and we thought that there were new ways that people could interact around that, we wanted to create a separate place, where people could go to do that. And one of the big open questions was to what extent, what percent of people are going to want to go and do this? And now it was more than 100 million people doing this, I think we’ve really proven as part of that hypothesis, that this is something that people are going to want to go do. That also not only with Watch, which is continuing to grow quickly, this also opens up opportunities around things – around doing this around areas like news, which I’ve recently started talking about. And I don’t have anything too specific to add today, we’re trying to take a very consultative approach to how we develop anything around news or any of the things that touch the big social issues and certainly, supporting journalism is up there as one of the really important things that we care about. So, we want to make sure we do this in a consultative away with a lot of folks in journalism and in the industry. But as Watch has grown, it has proven to us that that these sub-experiences as part of our different apps, similar with IGTV, can be quite successful. And that’s an optimistic sign for me for the future.