
Operator: The next question is from Eric Sheridan with UBS. Your line is open.
Eric J. Sheridan: Thanks for taking the questions, maybe one for Sheryl and one for Dave. Sheryl, on local business and small business, as you continue to see success there, I wondered if we could get increased color on what you're seeing from an adoption curve on business pages. What are people looking for in terms of measurement attribution? What's Facebook delivering for those advertisers? Any color there would be very, very helpful. And then, Dave, as we try to digest some of the comments you made about ad load and revenue as we exit 2016, go to 2017, how should we also be thinking about the mix of ad units as you continue to see more e-commerce and video in the platform? And how should we be thinking about the pricing of ad units as that mix changes over time? Thanks so much, guys.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: On local, we think this is a really big opportunity, and you see this in the large base of existing businesses using Facebook and Instagram increasingly. There are 60 million small business pages up on Facebook and 1.5 million Instagram business profiles, which are the similar, the equivalent for Instagram. And the reason we think people are so active is it's just really expensive and hard to have your own mobile site or your own even webpage. Thirty-five percent of small businesses in the United States, which is the most developed market in many cases, don't even have a webpage of any kind. And it's cheaper and easier to build a webpage than it is to build a mobile app and get distribution or downloads. And so what's happening is that people are really using the Facebook business pages and increasingly the Instagram business profile as their mobile presence, and we think that's what's working. And then we're working hard to build products that work, in-store visits, and then to use simplified ad products that convert them over to advertising.
David M. Wehner: Eric, it's Dave. Just really reiterating what I said last quarter about our expectations on ad load going into mid-2017, it's been one of the key factors in terms of driving growth along with time spent – user growth and time spent growth and advertiser demand. So we continue to see good opportunities to grow time spent, continue to see good opportunities to grow users, and we continue to see good opportunities to grow advertiser demand. On that latter point, really the mix of ad units is part of what we're doing I think really well. We're developing a number of new ad products as well as enhancing the ad products that we have out in the market today. So we're taking what is a great mobile ad product on Facebook and Instagram and making it even better. And I think the investments that we're doing there will continue to enable us to drive advertiser demand. So those key factors will continue, we believe, to drive growth next year. So what I'm specifically talking about is ad load and our anticipation that it's going to be a less significant factor as we get into mid-2017.