
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark S. Mahaney: Thanks. One question for Mark, one for Sheryl. Mark, there's just this explosion in these messaging platforms worldwide you obviously bought into one. The growth has been greater than we would have expected, and perhaps you too. Do you – have you – has your thinking changed on the opportunity or maybe the need but really the opportunity to integrate WhatsApp and Facebook over the next couple of years because of the growth of WhatsApp to-date? And then Sheryl, you mentioned some verticals that are doing well. I was just wondering if I could ask about automotive and insurance, just a couple of verticals that have always been skewed very heavily towards TV advertising and the question is whether they've really skewed up more now on Facebook given the auto play video ad format. Thank you.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: I mean, on the messaging question, yeah, we're pretty happy with how it's all going. I think if we're going to pay $19 billion for a company, we should have pretty high expectations for how it's going to do. So I do feel good about how we're doing, but it needs to do a lot more obviously and we're very excited about the roadmap of things that we have ahead. In terms of integrating them, no, we're not going to do that. One of the things that had been interesting, while we were watching these different services grow, was just how quickly multiple different messaging and communication services were growing at the same time, and it seemed a little bit counter-intuitive at first because it seemed like there should have been more overlap than it actually, now in retrospect looking back, seems like there is. So you can look at countries where both services, WhatsApp and Messenger, are growing very quickly like Brazil, for example. And what you'll see is that basically people use them a little bit differently. I mean, WhatsApp is more of a clear text messaging replacement. Facebook Messenger people use to connect with people that they know on Facebook primarily. And then there are differences in the feature sets where WhatsApp is extremely utilitarian and focused on texting and now voice calling, whereas Messenger is very focused on expression and the whole set of things that fit into the tools around the Messenger platform that we rolled out at F8, communicating with businesses now, richer tools to communicate in different ways. So I think that these are just going to keep on growing is my expectation and hope, and we're excited to kind of pursue both different products to serve the different communities.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: On the auto and insurance verticals, they're both still small which makes them good opportunities to grow. We're seeing good progress on both of them, and interestingly, insurance companies have been pretty active both on Facebook and Instagram, so we're optimistic about that.