
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Youssef Squali from SunTrust.
Youssef Squali: Okay. Great. I actually just have one question. Could you guys provide us any update around Facebook Dating? That is not one product that, Mark, you talked about. Any stats that you can share with us? Any plans to push into other geos? And would you bring it to Instagram as well?
Sheryl Sandberg: So before we answer that, I'm going to go back and answer the messaging monetization, second half of the last question, if that's okay, and then we'll take this one.  On messaging, we are so really focused on this. And we think, in many ways, we're better positioned than anyone else in the industry to participate in the opportunity that should be there over the long run for businesses and consumers to connect on message. In terms of direct ads in messaging, we're taking that very slowly. We have a very slow rollout in Messenger. We don't have that rolled out in WhatsApp.  Where we are seeing a lot of growth and really exciting metrics right now are click-to-messaging ads. These are one of the fastest-growing ad formats in our family, especially with SMBs in markets like APAC, but really across the board. And what happens is that from Facebook or Instagram Feed or from Facebook, Instagram or Messenger Stories, you can click-to-message a business on Messenger or WhatsApp. It's a really good way to drive engagement. It also really takes people further down the funnel from seeing an ad to having a direct connection with businesses, which consumers like and businesses like. We also think the ROI is very high here.  So I'll share an example. Manulife from Vietnam is an insurance company. They use click-to-messaging ads to generate qualify leads. And compared to Facebook lead ads, which were already performing well, those ads had 2.4x more qualified leads and a 4x increase in sales. And so we think the combination of the discovery ads that we can do, clicking through the Messenger right now already shows the potential of how important messaging can be for businesses.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes. And I could talk a little bit about the Dating experience. It's going well. I don't think we have any specific stats to share on this, but it's going well. And we -- I think we're already one of the top dating services, and we expect to continue growing.  In terms of where we launched it, we launched a number of countries before bringing it to the U.S. And our product development approach is that we launch something, and then we get feedback. We try to test things before we launch them. But then there are some things that you can't learn until you have it out. And then we will kind of keep on iterating on it until -- in a number of countries, people who use it really like it and keep using it. And then we rolled it out to more countries. So we did that over the last year. We'll continue doing that in more places, but the U.S. was certainly one of the biggest places that we were focused on launching it.  Overall, I mean the way that Dating fits into the strategy here is within the Facebook app, we think that News Feed is really central and that it's one of the only things that we think everyone who uses the app is really going to use on a daily basis. But there are different social utilities that even if not everyone wants to use them, hundreds of millions of people might find value in. So whether that's Marketplace for buying and selling things. Groups and communities, we think, is increasingly ubiquitous, but the tab there isn't going to be used by everyone. It's going to be used by hundreds of millions of people. Things like Watch or the News tab that we have started rolling out are not things that we expect everyone to use. But even if tens or hundreds of millions of people use them, then we're adding unique value that other folks might not be able to build, and we're making the app more valuable.  So I kind of expect in a year or 2, the world that we're going to be in is people use Facebook, they're going to use News Feed, and then they're probably each going to have 2 or 3 other of these social utilities that they find valuable. And as we start building those, I think that that's some part of the story that you're seeing on why the Facebook app engagement has been strong recently is -- especially as we build more of these things that certainly is showing up in how people use the app.