
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Sandler with Barclays.
Ross Sandler: Great. Just two questions. Dave, is the impression growth acceleration to 8% a function of easier comps or is it a function of some of the changes that Mark was talking about around the News Feed content that you put in in January? And then is the North America ad revenue growth acceleration being driven by that, that change on core Facebook? Or is it more coming from Instagram? Any color there on those two accelerating trends would be great. And then the last one is just a follow-up on the GDPR topic. Dave, you mentioned that MAUs and DAUs might be down a little bit in 2Q in Europe. Is that what you've seen already from these new screens that just came out with the new terms of service? Or is that just a guess of what you might see in the future? Thank you.
David M. Wehner: Sure. So I think I'll take all of those, Ross. So the impression growth acceleration, you've got a couple factors going on there. One of the factors is just that the desktop roll-off is just continuing. So as it gets smaller, it has less of a depressive effect on the overall impression growth number, because if you recall, desktop has quite a number of impressions per DAU, just given it's the right-hand column that has multiple impressions on each screen. So that's one of the reasons. And obviously, Instagram is continuing to grow nicely as well, so that's another contributing factor there. In terms of the North America revenue growth acceleration, one of the big factors there is really just also that's where you're picking up some of the accounting change from the Instant Articles going from net to gross, so that's contributing to that acceleration. Obviously, I'm very pleased with the strength of North American ad revenue and, overall, all the different regions, but that's a factor there, and IG is, obviously, contributing nicely to growth in North America and worldwide. Finally, on the GDPR trend, that's just based on what we're expecting given that you're having to bring people through these consent flows, and we have been modeling it and expect there would be a flat to down impact on MAU and DAU. It's very early in our rollout, but nothing inconsistent with what we've been modeling. So that's why we're giving that indication of what we expect.