
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan.
Douglas T. Anmuth: Great. Thanks for taking the question. A question for Mark. I was hoping you could talk about the company's focus on meaningful social interactions. Several months into some of those changes, do you think behavior on platform has shifted at all? And would you expect the improvements in the experience to ultimately drive a rebound in core Facebook engagement? Thanks.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: Sure. So, we've launched a number of changes that are focused towards trying to encourage more interaction at the expense of some passive consumption on the network. And we found that these have generally encouraged more interaction or positives, so we're going to keep on moving in this direction. We're doing this for a number of reasons. One is that we just started getting a lot of feedback from people in the community that they wanted Facebook to be more about connecting with people, which is really the core of what it's always been, less so about viral videos or news content and just passive consumption. So that's one. Another big driver is we've focused on trying to make sure that we understand the effects of using our services on people's well-being. That's important for all companies. And the research there is very clear that when people are using the Internet, and including our services, to interact with other people, that's associated with all the positive elements of well-being that you'd expect: feeling more connected, feeling less lonely, feeling happier, and long-term measures of health but when you're simply using the Internet to passively consume content that isn't necessarily associated with positive improvements to well-being. So, both because of the feedback that we were getting and the research, we felt like this was really the right direction to go in. We're seeing positive signs in terms of how it's encouraging people to interact more. Of the usage on the platform, we do think that that is the most valuable usage, but that's why we're going in that direction. And everything that we've seen so far suggests to us that we should continue moving in that direction more.