
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan from UBS.
Eric J. Sheridan: Thanks for taking the question. Maybe going back to the OpEx and your comments, Dave, looking out sort of medium to longer term, just wanted to understand if we can get a little bit more color on some of the drivers of that. How much of it could be video in support of where you want to take the business over the medium and long term versus things that maybe don't necessarily have a revenue component to them like the security and the protection of the ecosystem that the whole team has been talking about since the end of last year? Thanks so much.
David M. Wehner: Yeah, Eric, it's going to be a combination of those factors. I would say we're going to continue to invest in core product development and infrastructure. And so, you've seen that already in terms of the ramp that we have in capital expenditures. We're continuing to build out features and functionality for the community across a wide range of different products, whether it be the ad products that Sheryl talked about or IGTV and the like. In addition to those core developments, we're also making the significant long-term investments in safety and security. Those investments are in the billions of dollars per year. Those will have a negative impact on margins. We think that's the right thing to do for the business in terms of ensuring the community's safety and security and the durability of the franchise. So those are important investments from an ROI perspective, but they don't have, obviously, immediate translation into revenue dollars. Secondly, we're continuing to make big investments in innovation. Those, we believe, are attractive long-term investments. The things that I would point to are things like AI as well as our investments in AR and VR. Those are things that will play out – AI in the near-term, but the investments in AR and VR are really about building the next generation of computing, and that's got a longer-term return window. So, attractive investments we believe, but ones that will take longer-term to pay off, and those would have a dilutive effect on margins in the near-term. Those are the two factors that I would point to. In addition, on the CapEx side, we're continuing to invest heavily on capital expenditures, first, to just get ahead of user growth and engagement and then also to make sure that we've got the compute available to support the growth of a number of the key drivers of our business around feed ranking and ads ranking. So, I think those are the things that I would point to, all factoring into the margin guidance that I gave.