
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney from RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Mahaney: Two questions, please; a near term one and a long term one. The near term one is can you just comment on what you're seeing in terms of MAU recovery growth trends in Europe? You haven't – you gave us what turned out to be a pretty accurate read into the June quarter, so do you have a read into whether things have based out and started to improve again post GDPR implementation? And then, I know, Sheryl, you just talked about this, but can I just ask you to just maybe comment a little bit more on Facebook Messenger? I've just seen the ad units there. They seem to be – there seemed like there's been a pickup recently in implementation of ads there that seemed to me to be highly effective and reasonably well targeted. So any learnings just from those, the basic ad units that you put in there beyond the – kind of the business metrics you just reported on? Thank you.
David M. Wehner: Hey, Mark. It's Dave. On Europe, yeah, we don't have any update on trends. We had indicated in the first quarter that we would expect to see a decline. We're not providing any guidance on MAU and DAU in Europe on this call.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: In terms of number two, we have an ad model where we're able to use the targeting capabilities for Facebook. But when we put ads into a new surface, we obviously learn and evolve. So, one example of some of the things that we're excited about, again, are the click-to-Messenger ads. That's something we can put in News Feed in Instagram and Messenger and it both grows the ecosystem and creates a new opportunity for interaction. We also have inbox ads where we're enabling advertisers to extend their reach to people in Messenger, which is still really early. And we're also in the early days of sponsored messages, which enable businesses to reengage people once a conversation has started. And so, when we think about the format of Messenger, we think about the direct correspondence between a person, either an existing or a potential client or with a business, and we think there are many times in kind of a life cycle of interacting with a business where that's a very attractive opportunity.