
Operator: Thank you. We'll now open the lines for a question-and-answer session. Your first question comes from the line of Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking the questions. I have two. The first one, I guess, can you talk a little about early advertiser and publisher feedback from the LiveRail in-app mobile product and what are some areas where you see potential for improvements to drive faster adoption? And then on the OpEx side, I appreciate you're tightening the range. Can you help us at all on expectations for head count growth this year and what are the biggest areas you see investing in incremental employees this year?
Sheryl K. Sandberg: So, on LiveRail, we're pleased with the performance and the changes we've been able to make. Video is obviously super important so having the ability to do – work on video across the web has been really great. And then at F8 we made two more announcements that I mentioned. What we're hearing from publishers is that this is a good opportunity and they're pleased with the extensions we're making because it can make their ad serving and buying more efficient across the platforms they use. In terms of areas for improvement, I think there's a lot we can do. I think have you to look at our ad tech investments very holistically from Atlas to LiveRail to the Audience Network. These are all different pieces of the ad tech but what they're all working on is taking the relevance and the ability to do people-based marketing and make that available to work on Facebook but also off Facebook. We believe that because we can do marketing to people and then measure results across what people do in privacy-protective ways, we have an ability to improve the relevance of marketing which will make it better for consumers and increase returns for marketers.
David M. Wehner: And Brian, it's Dave. Just on the OpEx question, I think the key is that we're investing in our near, mid-term, and long-term priorities, so in the near-term we're investing to grow the community, execute on the existing business, both on the product side and then the advertising and sales force side. And in the mid-term, we're building out those next-generation of services to be great businesses that reach their full potential, so that's Instagram, WhatsApp, Messenger. And then in the long-term, we're investing in areas like the next-generation computing platform, internet.org, AI. In general, I would say our head count growth has skewed towards the R&D side because a lot of these initiatives have long-term development needs. So we've been investing there. But we are investing across the board. In terms of a specific head count guidance, I would just stick with our expense guidance. But I'd note that the 48% year-over-year does include some inorganic growth from the pickup of the three larger acquisitions, Oculus, LiveRail, and WhatsApp. We haven't lapped those at this point.