
Operator: Certainly. The final question is from Mark May with Citi. Your line is open.
Mark A. May: Thanks a lot. I had two as well. You probably won't give specific revenue numbers, but just if you're – if you kind of, in aggregate, look at some of the non-Facebook app revenue streams, if it is FAN, Instagram, et cetera. Curious to get a sense of the traction and materiality of those. Would you expect, Dave, that in aggregate, those would become kind of material, meaning that sort of 10% plus threshold sometime this year? Just trying to get a ballpark sense of the level of traction and diversification of revenue outside the core Facebook app. And then along the lines of your commentary around ad load, how should we be thinking about, your MAUs are obviously very significant, DAU to MAU quite high. Do you continue to see that as being a primary driver of ad impression and ad revenue growth going forward as well? Thanks.
David M. Wehner: Yeah, thanks, Mark. Like you said, we're not specifically breaking out revenue numbers. One thing to just keep in mind is Instagram is known and operated property is represented gross in our revenue, so whereas as I mentioned the Audience Network is by and large going to be recognized net rather than gross. And so that is going to make it smaller in how it's going to appear in the revenue numbers. The overall growth is still being driven predominantly by Facebook. Instagram is clearly making a contribution and as is the Audience Network. In terms of ad load, as I said, it's been one of the factors driving supply, so it certainly has been helpful. But there's also DAU growth and time spent per DAU growth so time spent per person. And we continue to feel that there are opportunities to execute on those and to continue to grow inventory in that way. So that's where we would focus. You know, as we drive DAU faster than MAU, then that's going to increase that ratio, but we're really focused on driving DAU and time spent per person.
Deborah Crawford: Great. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your time, and we look forward to speaking with you again.