
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Sandler from Barclays.
Ross Sandler: Great. Mark, so you mentioned payments and commerce a bunch of times in your March letter and also today. So I guess can you talk about how you see the strategy developing for payments and commerce on WhatsApp compared to maybe what you see broadly out there from other folks building these capabilities around messaging? And then what timeline should we expect to start to see some of this come out? And lastly any insights on what the blockchain team at Facebook is working on and how does that potentially tie into the overall payment strategy? Thanks.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. Across the – commerce and payments are an area that I'm quite focused on and optimistic about across all of our different services. So in Instagram and Facebook, you have shopping, and you have Marketplace and you have all the tens of millions of small businesses that use pages and a lot that use Instagram for sharing their inventory and being able to help people discover and pay. Through messaging specifically, I'm more optimistic because of the private nature of this space, right? It feels – when you're using a messaging service, that everything there is very intimate and private so it feels like a more natural space to be interacting with a business in a private way for doing transactions. So I think what we're going to end up seeing is building out Payments, which is going to end up being something that we do country-by-country – we have a test that is running in India for WhatsApp now, we're hoping to launch in several other countries at some point, but I don't want to put a timeframe on that here, but it's something that we're actively working on. And the goal would be to have something where you can do discovery through the broader town square-like platforms in Instagram and Facebook. And then you can complete the transactions and follow up with businesses individually and have an ongoing relationship through Messenger and WhatsApp. And it's – this is one of the things that I think will create a lot of value for people discovering and interacting with businesses. I don't know many people who like calling businesses to deal with issues that they have. I think being able to handle that through messaging is going to be a great experience. For businesses I think that this is going to help complete the loop and help them to actually sell more things which ultimately is what they care about when they're using the platform. So this is just a big opportunity, and one of the areas that I'm quite excited about.