
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Colin Sebastian from Baird.
Colin Alan Sebastian: Great, thanks. First off I guess is a follow-up on the earlier video question from Doug. Could you add some perspective on engagement trends with video content and video ads such as average viewing time and whether this mix is what is impacting impression growth? And then more broadly, if you can offer some perspective on how much of the video ad spending on Facebook applications are incremental to television budgets, or if there's any evidence you're seeing of a share shift. Thank you.
David M. Wehner: Sure, Colin. I'll take that first one. So impression growth was 32% in Q1, as I noted, and that was a bit slower than in previous quarters. Those of you who have been following us for a while know that periodically we make changes to the product that is going to impact some of the metrics. One of the things that I would call out in Q1 as a contributing factor on the impression growth side was our decision to rank longer-form video higher in News Feed. That means more time in video, and that does come at the expense of some impression growth in News Feed. So I think you do see some interplay there on the impression growth side due to our focus on video. And then Sheryl was going to follow up on the video ad spending.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: On TV, we are definitely seeing people continue to advertise on TV and use us as a complement. So over time, we believe that the dollar shifts with eyeballs and we want to earn it from our clients and be the best dollar and the best minute they spend and help them measure across channels. I think increasingly, the question is not if you can do without TV, but it's if you can do without mobile. And we're working hard to help advertisers develop the video creative that really works for mobile because that really makes a really big difference. And we think the combination of the creative working for mobile but also the measurement and targeting we can do is a very powerful offer. To share one of my favorite new examples, Subway working with their agency 360i developed video ads and images for Facebook and Instagram to promote the limited time offer Reuben sandwich. And they used Audience Insights, targeting people ages 18 to 49 who purchase meat and cheese, and that's just pretty incredible targeting. Nowhere else I don't think you can actually target that way and people interested in fast food and encourage them to visit Subways. They then used Nielsen Brand Effects and were able to measure a 16-point lift in ad recall and a 5-point lift in intent to visit Subway. So it's a really unique combination of the power of creative that was designed for video for mobile with very specific targeting and very specific measurements.