
Operator: Your next question is from Mark May with Citi. Your line is open.
Mark May: Thanks for taking my questions. I had one on search. I think you mentioned 1.5 billion daily searches. Just kind of curious what portion of those are commercial, if you will, not so much lookups for friends and family but more commercial oriented, and kind of can you give us an update of where you are in the process of building out an even more robust search experience on Facebook and across the other family of apps? And then on Instagram, just a question on kind of how we should be thinking about the ramp as well as the long term opportunity. I guess the question would be in your tests, have you noticed any meaningful difference in Instagram users' willingness to see or interact with ads and their News Feed as compared with an average Facebook user, recognizing that probably Instagram's audience is more geared toward some of the developing markets in the U.S. relative to Facebook? Thanks.
David M. Wehner: Sure. On the search experience, and Mark can add anything if he'd like, but on the search experience from a monetization perspective, the vast majority of the searches are for people or posts, and there can be – there's the potential for there to be commercially relevant content in people's posts, people searches, which is the largest part of searching, is not something that we think is really up the monetizing category. But there's certainly great content that people are finding using post search, but it's really – the focus is really to try and allow people to discover content that's been shared on Facebook that's relevant to them, and that's going to be the focus in the near term. And as people consume more content on Facebook, there's opportunities to show them ads in Feed, so there's an opportunity there, but it's really around engaging with content that you want to find on Facebook.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: On Instagram, we haven't noticed any difference in willingness to engage with ads between the platforms for Instagram and Facebook, but we've ramped really slowly and we're very, very cautious. And again, we're going to continue to focus on the user experience, focus on the community growth and monetization will follow.