
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini from Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Great, thank you. I guess I had a question just related to Instagram and Facebook Stories. We've talked a lot about ad load growth over the last year, and Dave's been talking about the pending slowdown, which I think we're all expecting. But how do we think about these new applications or new ways to engage with the apps at the top of your phone, where you're starting to see ad insertion show up as well? Is that thought of as different than the general ad load comments that, Dave, you're making? I'm sorry to split hairs here, but I'm just trying to get a sense of how to think about when they're starting to show up in new places. And then I guess I just had a follow-up for Sheryl. And one question in particular was if there's any measurement metrics that advertisers are asking for now that if you could help them with, it would make them even more eager to shift their budgets over from TV and follow their eyeballs? Sorry, thank you.
David M. Wehner: So, Heather, on Stories, again, it's a pretty similar answer, I think, to Ad Breaks in the sense that it's early in terms of using the ads formats in Stories. We've certainly rolled those out. They are not in the ad load calculation per se. So it is different, as you said, from the ad load commentary that I've given. But obviously, it's very early on those products. And then, Sheryl, you had the question about measurement metrics.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: Yes, we know that measurement is so critical, and we really want to measure core business results and focus on becoming the number one growth driver for our clients. We are continuing to constantly review our metrics. When we find bugs or errors, we're reporting them to our clients and addressing the issue and continuing with that analysis as we work through all of our metrics. We're also very focused on extending measurement partnerships and third-party verification. This last quarter we extended viewability measurement to the Audience Network, added another verification partner, DoubleVerify, for video and display measurement, and introduced our MMM [Marketing Mix Modeling] portal so that we can help people measure across all of the different platforms and compare the effectiveness of their ad spend no matter what their end goal is.