
Operator: Certainly. The final question is from Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark S. Mahaney: Okay. Let me try going back to future use cases and, Mark, I think this was touched on a couple times. But can you talk about whether you're seeing greater attempts to do Search, the Search functionality on the site and how that could change over the next three years to five years, and also comment on news and to the extent to which you're seeing a rising utilization by regular users of Facebook as a way to get news and what you can do to make that even easier for people if that's something a behavior you want to facilitate? Thank you.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: Sure. So on Search, we already have one very big use case which is people basically using our search engine to look out pages and people who are on Facebook and that by itself is already one of the biggest search engines in the world. The next big use case that we've really been working on for a couple of years now and I think is going to – is starting to roll out and is growing quickly is people finding content on Facebook. So that's trending. It's people finding post that their friends or others had posted in News Feed that they saw but then might want to go check out later. And I think this is going to be a very important part of the video experience as well, because one half is pushed, right, going to News Feed and not asking for content but just coming across and discovering it. And then the other half is pull, right, and going to some experience where you're asking for some type of content and getting to a point where we can do that very well is just going to add a whole new dimension to the service. So that's something I remain very excited about. In some ways, it's taken a little bit longer than I'd expected to get to a point where it's growing quickly. The people and page lookup part is doing very well, the post part has taken a bit longer but I'm very excited about that going forward. In terms of news, I mean the biggest issue with news today in Facebook is that it is the slowest part of the experience, right? When you go to load a video and it loads quickly, we made it auto-play to load even quicker. You tap on a photo, you expect it to expand immediately, but you tap on a link, and often it can take 10 seconds to load and if you're on a 2G connection somewhere in the developing world, that could take 30 seconds to load. So the big initiative that we have here which I'm really excited about is Instant Articles and the big thing that that does is just it lets publishers basically put the content on our servers ahead of time and that way when people tap on it, it loads instantaneously. And it can be a much more immersive experience and we've already found from the initial experiments that we've done that the engagement is positive and we're starting to roll that out more broadly. So I think that that's going to be a really big deal for improving the experience of reading news on Facebook and it's something that we've been working on for a while, and I'm very excited about it. So, yeah, I would expect that we will see an expansion of sharing and consumption of all of the different types of things that you asked about: news, video, search and the different experiences there, and these are some of the big areas that we're investing in and they're long-term investments and they're big investments and we're going to keep on pushing on them, but I think that's what we need to do to serve our community well and ultimately connect everyone in the world. So thank you, guys.
Deborah Crawford: Great. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your time and we look forward to speaking with you again.