
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill of Jefferies.
Brent Thill: Thanks. On video, there's been a lot of questions about the ultimate profitability of this going forward. I was just curious if you could share your view. I know it's early, but what your thoughts are there.
David M. Wehner: I think – look, today we're talking about the additional investments we're making in terms of the lighthouse content on the Watch tab, so we are putting a substantial investment behind that. That clearly is going to have implications for margins along with the other big investments that we're making next year. And then even after we establish a flywheel here and get content being produced for ad revenue share, that's going have a different margin structure than core News Feed. So even going forward, there's going be revenue share back to the content creator, so it's going have a different margin structure than the core business.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: I think it's worth adding that the ad inventory itself is really valuable for marketers and our clients and also works very well with our other ad products, so I'll share a recent one. Visa with SocialCode and BBDO created 10-second videos with text overlays showing people making digital payments. And they targeted millennials and early tech adopters. And they ran ads – one group for Facebook News Feed only, one group for Ad Breaks only, and one group for News Feed and Ad Breaks combined. And the best results combined the Ad Breaks and the News Feed. They had a seven times lower cost per video view compared to News Feed alone. And so one of the opportunities we have here is increasing inventory, and it's particularly good inventory for marketers because we're seeing nice adoption of video views and really nice impact from those sales. And it's also the case that our ad products work together. The ability to show something in News Feed and then show a video in Watch and then show something on Instagram and measure results across the full funnel we think are very worthy investments for the long-term health of the business.