
Operator: The next question is from Carlos Kirjner with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Carlos Kirjner-Neto: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First, some people believe that much of what users see in their News Feed is driven by their behavior and preferences. And as a consequence, the stories they end up seeing are always, or almost always, in line with their existing views and preferences. Does this phenomenon in the end increase – does this phenomenon lead to increased adoption in use of Facebook creating more polarization of views and less effective communication, at least in some areas of people's lives? Mark, how do you think about this line of thought that because people see things that they are already in line with what they believe, communication is hindered? Second, when it comes to video ad formats, are you philosophically opposed to pre-rolls, and if yes, why? And if not, what is missing for you to adopt that? Thank you.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: So we have studied the effect that you're talking about, and published the results of our research that show that Facebook is actually, and social media in general, are the most diverse forms of media that are out there. And basically what – the way to think about this is that, even if a lot of your friends come from the same kind of background or have the same political or religious beliefs, if you know a couple of hundred people, there's a good chance that even maybe a small percent, maybe 5% or 10% or 15% of them will have different viewpoints, which means that their perspectives are now going to be shown in your News Feed. And if you compare that to traditional media where people will typically pick a newspaper or a TV station that they want to watch and just get 100% of the view from that, people are actually getting exposed to much more different kinds of content through social media than they would have otherwise or have been in the past. So it's a good sounding theory, and I can get why people repeat it, but it's not true. So I think that that's something that if folks read the research that we put out there, then they'll see that. What was the other question?
Unknown Speaker: Pre-roll.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: Oh, pre-roll. I can take that one too. So we don't think it would be a good experience in News Feed, right, because a lot of when people are finding videos on Facebook is you're scrolling through News Feed, you're looking at what story seems interesting to you, which is why we did the auto play videos so that rather than having to take an action, you can just start experiencing the video automatically and continue watching it if it's something that you're interested in. But if we started playing an ad in the middle of a feed before you got to the video, then that would really go against that. I think people just would watch a lot less of the organic videos that were posted because of that. But the important thing to keep in mind on this is we don't really – we don't need to do pre-roll because our model is not one where you come to Facebook to watch one piece of content, you come to look at a feed and putting the ads in between the stories is a much more effective way to do it and better for the user experience.