
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan from UBS.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe two, if I can. Mark, you had talked previously about trying to more tightly integrate the applications in the family under the Facebook umbrella. I wonder if we could get an update on the way you're thinking about branding the applications to the consumer as well as integrating them on the tech back end as you look out over the next couple of years. And then following up on the comment on messaging, I wondered if we can get an update on the way the team is thinking about the messaging component on a monetization front and thinking about some of the more interesting products you might use to monetize the messaging applications, both Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp as you look out over the next couple of years.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. So on integration, overall here's how I think about it. We're going to keep the brands, right, from all the apps. Of course, right, I mean these are large communities that people love and strongly associate with a specific app. So that's clearly going to stay.  In terms of integration, all the apps are already very integrated today. We all run off of common infrastructure. We've tried to run the company in a way where we have -- we set up the infrastructure, and we set up the business models. That way, an engineer improving the efficiency of one system makes all of the apps better. And that's -- everything is already very tightly integrated kind of below the surface, in a way that people using these apps may not feel. But I think that the push for the next few years is we think that in running a company, I want to make it so it's not just the back end engineers when they improve something, it improves everything.  We want to make it so that features that get built across Instagram or Facebook or WhatsApp and when people engage on those, it can also make your experience better across the other apps in the family, too. So that's kind of the philosophy behind why we're doing a number of things. Some of it is just we built up multiple technical stacks in some places that didn't need to exist. The voice calling stack on WhatsApp and Messenger, there's not a real reason why those need to be different. But we didn't standardize that layer historically, and that means that now we have to put twice as much work into making that good. If we got that to be integrated, then the same engineering effort could just make it better across everything at a faster rate.  So there's going to be more work like that. I think some of it will start to be more visible across the apps. The apps will always continue to have their own identity and brand now because they -- people use them for somewhat different things, and that's really important.