
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Anthony DiClemente with Evercore ISI.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks for taking my questions. Sheryl, just hoping you could help us think about how marketing budgets grow as retail moves online. So investors we speak to ask the question about the addressable market for Facebook. Is the addressable market running out of opportunity as the platform gets larger? So do you believe the overall ad market or the TAM is possibly experiencing structural expansion, due to a shift in e-commerce overall? And then Mark, I wanted to ask about AI. Can you just talk about the broader applications of the technologies that you are investing into improve the user experience and safety on the platform. So I understand you're using AI to improve the quality of the experience and engagement, but should we be thinking about these investments as also enabling new features and products over time, whether it would be shipping hardware or custom chips or potentially AI as a service externally? Thanks.
David Wehner: Anthony, on the on the marketing budgets, we continue to think we've got great opportunities to grow in the large global advertising market. When you get sort of down to the micro level, you talked about e-commerce. E-commerce is and remains and was one of our strongest verticals in Q4, and we think we're doing an excellent job of building the right products for e-commerce retailers. And Sheryl talked about value optimization and that sort of work that we're doing, and so I think we've got continued opportunities with e-commerce going forward. So I think we're very well positioned in the e-commerce space. On AI?
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes. I can talk about AI. So machine learning is – the improvement there are by far the largest technological trends that we're seeing in the industry and across the business. And we really see it in three ways, right. The first and most tactical or just the optimization to everything that you see, right, from ranking in News Feeds, your ranking of ads or search, or improving our security systems, and that's driving a lot of the business and the quality improvement that we're seeing and that's really important. The second category, I would call qualitative changes and how we do business. So for example, for News Feed, historically all the content that's been a News Feed has been content that you're connected to, right. You become friends with someone or you follow a page and then their content can show up a News Feed, but long-term or not even long-term, right. Over the next several years as we develop an understanding of all of the content on Facebook that won’t be a constraint anymore. At some point, we're going to be able to just understand the meaning of all the content that hosted that you could potentially see and use that as candidates to potentially improve your experience and make it that you could see way more content that you might be able to today to – and of course, we'll do that to help encourage more social interaction. The way that this is improving the work that we're doing around security and integrity is also very fundamental. Today, that whole model is that people can post what they want and then a person can flag it, and then our systems will look at it. But increasingly as we move into the future, we're going to be able to proactively take down some negative content. I gave the example of the terrorism-related content and some things around suicidal post where if someone posts something that they're thinking about suicide. Now today, we don't have to wait for someone to report it a lot of the time. In the last few months, there have already been more than 100 instances where we've been able to reach out and get in touch with first responders that they can give you people the help that they need, and that's a big structural change in the way that we do business in terms of protecting the security and integrity of our community. The third major category is going to be completely new products and platforms. So there we talked about all the things that we're building around VR and AR and the ability to be present with anyone, anywhere. And certainly AI is going to be a big part of that both on the vision side and the voice side. And there are going to need to be big advances there, but that's really exciting. But I think in each of those three categories, the optimization, the upgrading how we do business, and really changing how that works in our products today, and then the new products. I would say that improvements in machine learning are the most important technological trends in the industry now by far.
Sheryl Sandberg: Operator, we have time for one last question.