
Operator: The next question is from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my question today. I have two. The first one on the U.S. advertising, it was up particularly strong. Any specific ad category, branded, direct response, et cetera, or add unit like video that's driving this growth in the U.S.? And then the second one, just on Live video, recognizing it's very early with Live video, but any help at all on what percentage of your users are engaging with Live video and the type of uplift you're seeing on engagement? Thanks.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: Our growth this quarter was very broad-based across all of the regions. We had especially strong growth in APAC and the U.S. and Canada, so that was part of the growth. In terms of our marketer segments from brands to direct response to SMBs to developers, the growth is really strong there as well. We're really excited today to announce that we have 60 million small business pages that are using Facebook on a monthly basis. And we're very focused on the opportunity to upsell them to advertising products. We think we have a good track record there. We're also seeing a lot of strength in brand. And I think that's because we have a combination of the creative and the story telling, so the art with the science of the targeting. And when people do that well together, you see great opportunities. So to share one example, Jack In The Box use our Canvas ads, which are very immersive ads. They're really good for a brand experience, to roll out a new menu item, their Double Jack burger. They worked with agencies Horizon, David & Goliath and Adaptly, and they targeted millennials on Facebook to create two different custom audience groups. One group was customers who had visited the restaurant web page or engaged with previous video ads. And the second group were people that hadn't engaged with them directly but were quick service restaurant purchasers. They had an average view rate of 23 seconds across those Canvas ads, so clearly people were really engaged in the brand experience of the ads, and they had a 13-point lift in add recall and a 9-point lift in purchase intent. And so I think what you're seeing is that across all of the objectives people have from brand marketers to direct response to SMBs to developers, as our ad products get more sophisticated, our targeting and measurements get better. They have an increased opportunity to grow, and that's why we think our growth to-date continues to be broad-based.
David M. Wehner: Yeah, and, Brian, I'll take the Live video question. It's hard to compete with the Double Jack burger. But in terms of Live video, it's really early. We're really excited about it in terms of it providing an authentic and real form of sharing for people, and we're really trying to give people the full range of tools to share what they care about with anyone that they want, and Live is really effective there. And we've seen experiences both in terms of a lighthearted like Candace Payne and also more serious, more serious issues around the U.S. and around the globe. So it's really an important part of what we're offering for people to share real experiences. Video as a whole is making a significant contribution to time spent growth. So, when we talk about the time spent per DAU growing worldwide across our family in double-digit percentages, video is making a contribution there more broadly.