
Operator: The next question is from Ken Sena with Evercore. Your line is open.
Kenneth Sena: Hi. I have a high-level, longer-term question. For brands, we're seeing where promotion, transaction, and support capabilities for businesses are all deepening within Facebook. Therefore, should we be thinking about a longer-term transition from a platform that's basically all ad to something where more marketplace capability is offered, given that buyers and sellers are so known and so connected? And if so, can we think about Facebook starting to monetize maybe on a transaction basis or even through various customer support capabilities via the messaging tools, AI, et cetera, that you're beginning to offer businesses? So maybe if you could just provide a little bit of color on how you see that evolution, that would be great. Thank you.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: You're right that people are increasingly using Facebook to discover products and services, and we're testing some ways like the Marketplace to make this easier. We're also testing some incremental features on pages, which enable businesses to drive purchases on a page or direct people directly to their website. These are really early, but we've had some positive feedback. Our focus, however, continues to be on our ad products because we think we can take people all the way from the top of the funnel, where they can really get a brand awareness or product awareness, and go all the way down to purchase, not necessarily because the purchase is happening on Facebook, but because we can work on the measurement systems to understand how the advertising, both at the top and lower down in the funnel is influencing those purchases. We've been really excited by what we've seen in the commerce vertical of our ad products. So products like dynamic product ads, Carousel ads are working really well for us. This quarter we launched Canvas ads, which are very fast-loading, immersive mobile ads. They're easy to build. You can use the self-service tool. You don't have to write any code. They are native format, so they decrease that initial drop-off you see when people click off to another site. It's very early days, but the average viewing time is over 30 seconds, which shows how immersive that is. I'll share one example of how ads are driving a small business on Facebook through ads, which is a company called Sparkle in Pink. They're a Utah-based SMB. They're selling girls' clothing. They did a Slideshow ad that included a Shop Now button, which enables you to take action on their site. They were able to increase sales by 9% a month. And more exciting for us, this was six times more efficient in terms of acquisition than any other digital media channel. And that shows how you can use our ad products to go all the way from awareness, measuring through to a sale and show how important our ads can be to commerce on our platform.