
Operator: And your final question will come from Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much. A question for Tim and then a detail follow-up for Luca. Tim, with the macro situation changing, a lot of CEOs view that and their strategy is very different go-to-market strategy, some change the way they go to market, some change their products. In the past, Apple's been very known in always having a premium product. With the slowdown in the macro FX and also GDP revision, is Apple's strategy go-to-market still always at premium product, or is there a need to go to more also a middle market or lower price point to attract more customers? Just because it seems like growing that installed base and services, as you pointed out, really economically could really help out Apple in the long-term. And then the financial question for Luca is on that patent litigation, Luca, when you gave guidance three months ago, did you have a view that that was coming in? And if so, was that included in the guidance or not, or was that post the quarter guidance? And I assume it's all one-time this quarter you recorded it, it's all gross margin, and then we don't cause that to reoccur again going forward. Thank you very much.
Tim Cook: Our strategy is always to make the best products. And that -- for the smartphone market, that we are able to provide though several different price points for our customers. We have the premium part of our line is the 6s and the 6s Plus. We also have a mid-price point, with the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus. And we continue to offer the iPhone 5s in the market and it continues to do quite well. And so we offer all of those and I don't see us deviating from that approach. We always want to offer somebody the -- not -- we don't design to a certain price point. We design a great product and we make it priced at a great value. And today, we're able to offer all three of those different iPhone options.
Luca Maestri: And Jim, on the patent question, yes, obviously this is a one-off item that affected the December quarter. As I said earlier, it's worth 40 basis points. So, without it, our gross margin would have been 39.7%. It will not repeat going forward. To your question around was it included in the guidance, yes, the probability of receiving the amount was incorporated in the development of the guidance range. If you remember, we guided to 39% to 40%, and that number was included within the range.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much gentlemen.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Jim. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks, podcast on the iTunes store, webcast on apple.com/investor, and via telephone. And the numbers for the telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820 and please enter confirmation code 7349088. These replays will be available by approximately 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. And members of the press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414. Financial analysts can contact Joan Hoover or me with additional questions. Joan is at 408-974-4570, and I'm at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us.