
Operator: The first question will come from Amit Daryanani from Evercore.
Amit Daryanani: Thanks a lot. Thanks for taking my question guys. I guess, two from me. First off, could you just talk about, when I think about the September quarter guide, it's implied I think up 16% or so sequentially. Historically, at least, in that guide has been in the 10% low double-digit kind of range. Just can you help us understand, what gives you the confidence for a better than seasonal guide in September, either from a geo or product basis would be helpful.
Luca Maestri: Amit, it's Luca. Of course, this is our best estimate of where we think we will land. Clearly, we expect to have continued strong growth from the non-iPhone categories. We have great momentum in wearables. We mentioned that we were up almost 50% in the June quarter, or actually over 50% in the June quarter. Our services business, we set an all-time record in June. And so, these two categories have become really important and really large for us. And so, as we continue to grow, quickly that is going to help us as we go through the year. Keep in mind that the guidance includes an estimated almost $1 billion of foreign exchange headwind for the quarter.
Amit Daryanani: Fair enough. That's really helpful. And I guess if I just follow-up on China, impressed to see the continued recovery you guys are seeing that despite all the headlines that are out there. Just curious, what are the few things that are driving the success in China, and how sustainable do you think those changes are for Apple as you go forward.
Tim Cook: Yes, Amit, Hi. It's Tim, and I apologize for my voice, I'm suffering from an allergy. But what happened last quarter in China was a confluence of things. The government stimulus, this came in terms of a VAT reduction, a very bold one. We took some pricing action, we instituted our trade-in and financing programs in our retail stores and worked with certain channel partners on that as well. And we're seeing a growing engagement with the broader Apple ecosystem during the quarter. And so, when you look at it, each of our categories, iPhone, iPad, Mac, wearables, services, everything improved sequentially. So, we couldn't be happier with the progress. I would point out, I think I mentioned in my comments, that we actually grew in constant currency for Greater China and we grew in Mainland China on a reported basis. So, there's several things going on there that are quite positive.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Amit. Could we have the next question please.