
Operator: The next question is from Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Heather Anne Bellini: Great. Thank you. I had two quick questions as well. One, Sheryl, just to follow up on what you mentioned about Instagram, obviously, it's a very visual experience. I'm just wondering, when you're talking to advertisers, are they viewing this as a separate channel? So I think there's been some questions as to the incremental nature of Instagram. And it would seem like it could be extremely incremental, given these are the two top platforms in mobile. So I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about what the advertisers say about blending the experiences. And also, a question for Mark. I was just wondering if you could share with us how we might see your content strategy evolve over time and, in particular, just wondering what your view is on longer form content on the video side, sorry. Thank you.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: Yeah. To the Instagram question, what we see in the short run is that some of the spend on Instagram is incremental to Facebook and some isn't. Some clients are comfortable with Instagram and bringing a new budget to bear. Some clients are shifting some of their Facebook budget. For us in the medium to long run, we believe that we're not competing between Facebook and Instagram. We're competing with other forms of media. And if you want the most eyeballs and we think the highest ROI, over time we think that will benefit Facebook and Instagram. And so, for us, what we really want is people to experiment and learn and get to experience Instagram as they have on Facebook so that we can make the case that we can improve the ROI and then we believe if you look at the consumer metrics of where people were spending their time, we will be able to gain share compared to almost anything else you can buy out there.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: And to your question about long form content, the more natural starting point for us is shorter form content which can either be social content or premium short form content. But some of – the vast majority of the content that's consumed on Facebook just talking about video right now is people browsing through feed. They discover something interesting that they weren't necessarily looking for previously that's very powerful because that's a behavior that there isn't really anywhere else to do at scale on the Internet today in a great way, and then people watch it there or they bookmark it to watch later. But if you're talking about watching inline and feed, that's not the place where you're necessarily going to see a TV show and then watch an hour-long clip right there. So what we're actually seeing is that a lot of the best or at least from my perspective, TV shows that we see folks like Jimmy Fallon breaking up their show into clips that they can now share to be consumed over social media and on the Internet in three-minute to five-minute or seven-minute segments which are more of what people want when browsing through News Feed. So I do think over time we will get to more different types of content and we'll build products that serve that. The current market of trying to help people share and experience all these shorter form clips is massive. We are nowhere near serving that as well as we want to. So I actually think in a lot of ways though the more interesting question is not in the near-term what we're going to do to develop ways to consume long form content, but what traditional media and content producers who have traditionally produced short and long form content are going to do to chunk their stuff up better so that way it can be more easily consumed by this big community online.