
Operator: Your next question is from Mark May with Citi. Your line is open.
Mark A. May: Thanks a lot, first one for Sheryl, I think. I'm wondering if you could update us on the progress you're seeing with FAN [Facebook Audience Network]. You gave some metrics in Q4. It seemed like that advertisers were really adopting that platform and seeing a lot of additional reach. Maybe if you could, tell us how that's going. And then I think a couple more; on the tax rate, we saw it step down quite a bit in Q1, but you're guiding for flat sequentially. Should we think about that as a run rate, or are you still attempting to manage your tax rate down even further than where you saw it in Q1 and where you're expecting for Q2? And then on the OpEx guide, 41% non-GAAP growth in Q1, obviously below your range but you maintained the range. Why is that? Is that just purely a function of the comps as you head into the year, or are there some specific investment plans that you have? Thanks.
David M. Wehner: Sure, Mark. I can start with the detailed ones, the tax rate and the OpEx guide. So on the tax rate, the rate came in better than guidance in terms of the tax rate, but it's consistent with the long-term trend that I'd indicated. We do expect that that rate will be approximately the rate that will continue for the rest of the year. So for purposes of 2016 modeling, I would use the Q1 rate. On the OpEx guide, Q1 came in slightly below our annual expense growth guidance, but we do expect that investments in areas like video and Oculus will impact the remainder of the year more substantially, so that's why we're maintaining the annual OpEx growth guidance that we have. And then, Sheryl, did you want to speak about Audience Network?
Sheryl K. Sandberg: Yes, Audience Network is important to us because we're making a strategic investment in ad tech, helping advertisers and publishers grow, so it's on and off Facebook. We think we're uniquely placed to bring people-based marketing to scale and solve the measurement problem, and the Audience Network is a place we're really focused because we feel like we're delivering value for advertisers and publishers, so we're investing behind the growth we've seen. We've seen a growth of native ads. Eighty-three percent of the overall inventory on the platform is native, and over 50% of our publishers are only using native ads. We have some great examples of Audience Networks really improving people's results. A recent one is eBay Vivanuncios, which is an online real estate destination working in Latin America and Mexico. When they were using a combination of Facebook, Instagram, and the Audience Network, they saw 57% lower cost per install with placement optimization and 59% more volume versus running on Facebook alone, which led to 6% incremental revenue. So compared to November a year before, the number of their app installs increased by 115%. So what we're seeing is the results we're able to deliver on Facebook and Instagram, a lot of our marketing partners want more. And our ability to do that is why we're investing in the Audience Network.