
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Alex Zukin with Piper Jaffray.
Aleksandr Zukin: Satya, you guys reorganized the sales and customer service organization about 18 months ago quite substantially, and you're now seeing the benefits both around much larger deals and broader deals that we've discussed on this call for your products across the portfolio. I wanted to ask, as the deal complexity increases, are you seeing any impact to your sales cycles as a result? And is there any impact that you're seeing on sales cycles maybe not from that but from kind of the macro volatility that we've seen in the headlines?
Satya Nadella: I mean, overall, a lot of our transformation, whether it's on the engineering side or on the marketing side or on the sales side, have all been driven by the opportunity we see with the broad platform capabilities we have across all of our commercial clouds, whether it's Azure or Dynamics 365 or Microsoft 365. So it is true that the deals are much broader, deeper. The relationships with the customers that we have now signed up with span a lot more of our capability and also drives a lot more of their own ambition. So for sure, the sales cycles are different. But at the same time, you've got to remember, at Microsoft, we do have a lot of different business that we do with the customers, which may include some things like refreshes of their on-premise infrastructure all the way to some very high-ambition digital transformation projects. So I would say we are well equipped to deal with that complexity and the variability of what our customers want us to be helping them with. And that's where a lot of the transformation we have done internally is helping us accelerate our Cloud business.
Amy Hood: And I think the way we've seen this in the field is -- and our sales organization has been not unlike some of these Dynamics transactions or the Power platform transactions that require a fundamental understanding of business process and the changes you're trying to implement. Those do naturally have longer sales cycles. Azure has many of those same attributes at the higher end of the complexity and digital transformation Satya's talking about. And in these very large transactions, many of which we've been signing recently, where you'll see some of that volatility would be in bookings. But I think, in general, the goal is to have -- and continue to build on that business, but certainly, that would be where the "volatility" would show up.
Michael Spencer: Okay. Well, thanks, Alex. That wraps up the Q&A portion of today's earnings call. Thank you for joining us, and we look forward to speaking with all of you soon.
Satya Nadella: Thank you all.
Amy Hood: Thank you.