
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Ross MacMillan: Thanks so much for squeezing me in and congrats on the quarter. Amy, I just had a couple. The first one, just your comment that the consumer Office business you're seeing, basically the subscription revenue now being larger than the offset, if you will, the license side, where do we stand with regard to that on the commercial side of the Office transition?
Amy E. Hood: The way to think about that how is I look at – well, the way I would generally say it is you look at each of the KPIs we give. So the Office commercial business grew 5%. It was negative 8%. If some transition earning back off the balance sheet, the total cloud is 70%. When we start to get to this point and the percentage we already have in the cloud, it is really an offset. And that's probably frankly been true a little bit longer than we talked about technically in terms of what goes off and what comes on given we've now got, as Satya said, 60 million users and more than that in terms of seats sold. Now that can technically, Ross, be interesting in certain quarters of the year where we have very heavy expirations. And so it just depends year over year, but that's why the commercial is slightly harder to do it on because there's some volatility in the ins and outs based on seasonality.
Ross MacMillan: Just if I think about the incremental subscription revenues from the commercial side versus the license declines, it sounds like this year, this fiscal year, we're making that pivot like we have made on the consumer side. Would that be a fair statement?
Amy E. Hood: I want to make this simple and unfortunately it's just slightly complicated. Because so much of our installed base was already on an annuity contract, it makes the transition mathematically hard. I think what you're asking is specifically for a transactional component when the old transactional component has gone. But it's a very hard – but that's a component of the number, not the total. So it's why it's technically difficult to answer the question you're specifically asking, Ross. But the way I would think about it is we are moving such a substantive piece of our EA business and with our annuity mix all up in commercial, up to 86% percent, we're feeling very good about our ability to transition people at LTV and grow the business overall at a very high level.
Chris Suh: Thank you, Ross.
Ross MacMillan: Thank you very much.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks.
Chris Suh: So that wraps up the Q&A portion of today's earnings call. We look forward to seeing many of you in the coming months at various investor conferences. For those unable to attend in person, these events will be webcast and you can follow our comments at microsoft.com/investor. Please contact us if you need any additional details and thank you for joining today.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks, everyone.
Satya Nadella: Thank you, everyone.