
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my questions. I have two. The first one Mark is on Instagram, the 400 million daily active users. Curious to be – hear (24:39) how you think about the core use of Instagram now and how it differs from core Facebook. And how do you think about that evolving over time and the monetization of Instagram evolving over time? And then the second one, just to go back to Doug's question on the content, I know Dave, you mentioned content spend as being part of the investment. Should we think about the content investment as being more driven on rev share or do you see yourselves going out and writing and doing licensing deals? Thanks so much.
David M. Wehner: I can start on that latter question. Our goal really is to kick-start an ecosystem of partner content in the video tab, for example, and our model is really oriented towards revenue share with creators. We are funding some feed content to get the ecosystem going, but the focus is on rev share. And then I think your question was on how the core use case between Facebook and Instagram differs.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: Yeah, I can take that one. There are a number of differences. I think a lot of this comes down to the graphs in the community that you have in the different places. Instagram is a follow model, right, so it's – they're not all bidirectional friendships. A larger portion of the content is public content. More of the content is visual, right. Facebook has a mix of text and news and links and visual content like photos and videos. And Instagram creates a pure experience that's focused on photos and videos. So all those good and subtle decisions that Kevin has made over the years add up to creating a different kind of community that what we're finding and that's great, is that it's really complementary to what people are doing on Facebook. And some of what we found is that as we encourage people to use both Facebook and Instagram, engagement on both can increase. So that is great. And that I think speaks to how you can build these different kinds of communities with different connections in a way that really is creating new value in people's lives.