
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Youssef Squali with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please proceed with your question.
Youssef Squali: Yes. Thank you very much. Two quick questions. With the step-up in investments in content from Prime Video that you mentioned before, would you also be stepping up the international expansion? Maybe you can just remind us how many countries you're in with Prime Video and whether there is a potential chance of maybe stripping Prime Video from Prime to allow it to be extended to other countries. And then I know you're not guiding to 2017. But just looking at the capacity increases that you've had for FCs for 2016, should we expect kind of that as an ongoing expense going forward? Or is the current buildup enough to maybe give you some spare capacity to cool that down for 2017? Thanks.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure. So first on your video comment. We're in four countries right now, the U.S., UK, Germany and Japan. And we have stated that we will be in India soon. So the content that we are creating, especially through Amazon Studios, we are generally holding the worldwide rights to and can use that in other countries as well. And the cost of that then gets amortized to those countries. It becomes part of the International segment results. So yes, and we consider that to be very valuable as opposed to, versus licensing many times by country, the third-party rights to content that we don't create ourselves. Your question on fulfillment expenses, I can't extend the guidance into next year. We will do that obviously at the end of next quarter. But I would say this was an extraordinary step up, as I mentioned, in Q3 that is tied to very rapid growth in not only paid units but Amazon fulfilled units. So really, our forecast for additional capacity additions and the rate of additions will be tied to those growth factors as well. So we'll have to see. We right now are working on getting the capacity in. It was very lumpy this time with 18 warehouses in one quarter and another five in the first three weeks of the next quarter. So ,and obviously we'll be working on the efficiencies of all the warehouses we have, including the ones we just started up this year.