
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Ross MacMillan: Thanks very much and congratulations from me as well. Satya, I had a question on commercial Office 365. I don't know if you gave us the number, but I think the last couple of quarters you talked about monthly active users. And I'm curious if you have an update on that number. And then I also was curious about thoughts around ARPU, because you introduced the E5 SKU in December. Where are we on the path of penetration, if you will, with the higher value SKUs and the ability to see price lift across the base over time. Thanks.
Satya Nadella: Yes and Amy you can add. I mean I think, that's right, last time we talked about the 60 million monthly active users for Office 365 and that continues to grow. In fact there is always, and I think we also talked about how we get licenses sold and then, or subscriptions sold and then there's deployment. And there's always lumpiness as well as increased deployment that happens once the users migrate, and we'll continue to track that and we'll continue to disclose those numbers as they come along. But I feel very, very good in the growth of that. And I think the best proxy for you really beyond any numbers we talk about in terms of monthly active is our capital, because if you look at what we do, is we spend our capital only to really fuel the growth or to service the growth of usage across Office 365 and Azure, and you see that increasing. And then in terms of the margin profile, I mean the entire story of having the E3 mix first to be high and now E5, that's the thing that Amy talked about, which is we now have good premium tier value in all of our products, in Office 365 that's most evident with E3 and now E5. Even in Azure, we have things like EMS, we have our data services, even our developer services. So I think all of, both of our cloud products, the major cloud products have these premium tiers that the mix shift to those or the addition of those is something that we're focused on and we see in our results
Amy E. Hood: That's right. I would just add that we did see that premium mix go up in Office 365 on the commercial side as you were noting. And really E5's only been in market for the last month of the quarter. We're excited about the number of customers that are trying it and that all the value it offers. But I would expect that to be a longer term evolution as opposed to in Q2.
Ross MacMillan: Can I just ask a quick follow up, Amy? That was great. Just on Windows just so we all calibrate correctly, you've had this benefit from the RPL comps from last year. Should we think about Windows really now beginning to trend in line with PC units, or can there still be some variability around that? Thanks.
Amy E. Hood: Yes, in my guidance comments, I talked a little bit about that. On the Pro side as I mentioned, we'll have a couple point impact that would make a difference between that on the Pro side. And I would expect, I think we actually even talked about that last quarter, that the RPL delta which we've seen in Q1 and Q2 would go away in Q3 and Q4 and it would trend much more similarly to the overall consumer PC market.
Chris Suh: Thank you, Ross.
Ross MacMillan: Thank you.
Chris Suh: Operator? Thanks. Operator, we'll have time for one last question, please.