
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Sandler from Barclays.
Ross Sandler: Great. Two questions. Dave, you mentioned 4Q revenue is going to have a mid to high-single digit deceleration. That's a tad better than what you stated 90 days ago. So just I know it's a small change, but I think folks on the line are looking for anything incremental in terms of what you're seeing. Has anything improved? And then, any initial read on what kind of deceleration we can expect to see in 2019, if at all, as you start turning on the ads on WhatsApp? And then, one for Sheryl. The shopping experience on Instagram, how do you compare, I guess, just the overall commercial intent on Instagram compared to Facebook? And what do you think that says about the long-term monetization potential for Instagram versus Facebook?
David M. Wehner: All right. Ross, I'll start off on that. I think the outlook that we're giving for Q4 deceleration is broadly consistent with the outlook that I gave last quarter with the benefit of a little bit more visibility. I'd just reiterate the points that I'd made in the earnings script around what's driving that deceleration. And as far as to how that plays into 2019, we're not providing a specific revenue outlook for 2019. We continue to see good growth opportunities across the platform on both Facebook and Instagram and feed and Stories. Those are going to be the drivers. I would characterize the launch of Status apps on WhatsApp as being a much smaller thing than a driver of 2019 revenue growth, and it's going to be more about Instagram and Facebook. The same factors that I discussed impacting Q4 growth will likely continue to play out to some extent in 2019, but we've got a lot of good growth opportunities for next year.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: When you look at the Instagram Shopping experience, we're seeing some really nice growth. We have 90 million people tap to reveal product tags and posts every month to learn more about them, and we're putting real investments behind this. In Q3, we rolled out Shopping in Stories globally and began testing the Shopping Channel in Explore. And so, we think the opportunities are big. As you think about commercial intent in Facebook versus Instagram, there's so much activity on both. We think there's a lot of opportunity for people to have commercial intent, if not have it when they start, but develop it because they see things they're interested in, in both. Instagram can be more interest-based in some places than Facebook. So there are places in Instagram like Fashion or like Shopping that have very high signal, and that gives us I think a very strong opportunity there.