
Operator: From Goldman Sachs, we'll hear from Simona Jankowski.
Simona K. Jankowski: Hi, thank you. I wanted to dig in a little bit more into the iPhone upside in the quarter with record revenues in every region except for Greater China. I think you touched on the percent of switchers in China. But can you give a little more color on the split of upgrades and switchers in some of the other regions and overall as well?
Timothy Donald Cook: Simona, it's Tim. We did have an exceptional quarter with iPhone, and that was with the backdrop of not predicting the demand very well on the iPhone 7 Plus and therefore being in constraint on it through the quarter. If you look at the absolute number of upgraders, it was the highest that we've seen in any quarter. And if you look at the switcher number, it's the highest that we've seen in any quarter. If you look at the upgrade rate, it's similar to last year. However, I think the big asterisk – I share all this with you for transparency's sake. I would tell you that the way we look at this is in a quarter where you have a supply constraint, it's difficult to draw too many conclusions from it. But I wanted to share that with you anyway so you have the backdrop.
Simona K. Jankowski: Thank you, and then just one follow-up on China specifically. As your comps get easier this year, I was curious if you think you're going to be returning to growth in that region. And then just to give us the context, I know you talked about the 6% constant currency increase in revenue in Mainland China. But curious if you strip out the double-digit increase in iPad and MacBook and potentially the mix shift to the iPhone 7 Plus, I'm curious what underlying iPhone units did in Mainland China.
Timothy Donald Cook: That's a big question, and I don't have the answer in front of me. If you look at iPhone 7 Plus, it was the most popular Plus model that we've ever had. It set a unit record, so that I can share. In terms of how are we going to do, we don't provide guidance at the segment level. But sitting here today, for Q2, I wouldn't expect the year-over-year performance to be dramatically different than the year-over-year performance in Q1. The real comp really begins in the following quarter to a more significant degree, and we'll have to see how that plays out as we get closer to it.
Simona K. Jankowski: Thank you.
Timothy Donald Cook: Yes.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Simona. Could we have the next question, please?