
Operator: Next we'll take a question from Laura Martin from Needham.
Laura Martin: Yeah, can you hear me okay?
Nancy Paxton: Yes.
Luca Maestri: Yes.
Laura Martin: Great. Okay. Super. So I'd like to focus on product roadmap and strategy. There is a war going on for the home, the connected home, over the Internet of Things. And with two products, the HomePod and Apple TV in the home, my question is strategically, how do you feel about the importance of being in the home and whether it threatens your dominance outside the home with your core business in the mobile devices if you sort of lose that battle? I'm just trying to figure out strategically when you think about where the puck is going, how important is it for you to have a beachhead in the home as well as out of home?
Timothy Donald Cook: I think the home business, Laura, is bigger than the HomePod and Apple TV. They're both important products clearly, but everybody has their iPhone at home as well and everybody has their Mac at home and everyone has their iPad at home. And so in terms of the Siri access point, as you can tell from the 100 billion number I quoted in the script, there's an extraordinary amount of usage of these products that are used to perform home-related functions. I do that every day with controlling all my home automation and so on and so forth. Part of that is on HomePod but part of it is with the Apple Watch and the iPhone and the iPad, and so I think home is important. Home is important. Work is important. The movement between the two are important. Health is important. So the smartphone has become the repository that goes across the whole of your life, not something that is just meant for a portion of it and so I think all of those are important and we're focused on all of them.
Laura Martin: Okay. That's helpful, actually. Okay.
Timothy Donald Cook: Thanks for your question.
Laura Martin: Yeah. Sort of. I mean I'll watch your product roadmap and be able to tell what the answer is. The other thing, the thing I get in fights with investors about the most is this and I'd love your insight on this. I love the expansion of the new products. The question I have is are they actually on-ramps into the Apple ecosystem, the Beats, the Watch, the AirPods, subscriptions, are they on-ramps into the ecosystem or is the on-ramp to the ecosystem the iPhone and then these new products add revenue per member once you get somebody into the ecosystem via the iPhone?
Timothy Donald Cook: A lot of people that buy Apple products buy for the whole ecosystem, even though they might not currently use all the different products. And so the way that I think about those products are they're products within the ecosystem itself. And there's the AirPods have really gone through the roof and the Apple Watch has hit an air pocket and has gone to a whole different level as I'd mentioned earlier with our overall wearables revenue. And so in my view, this is a part of the – they are a core part of the ecosystem.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Laura.
Laura Martin: But do they attract people to the ecosystem or does the person have to have an iPhone first?
Timothy Donald Cook: It is, well, but on your point though, it is clear from communications I've had with users that some of them were attracted to iPhone because of the Apple Watch.
Laura Martin: Oh, I see.
Timothy Donald Cook: So the Apple Watch led them to the iPhone. The reverse of that is also true, is that somebody got the iPhone and then decided I really want something to coach me in fitness and to curate some of the communications and so forth like the watch does so well and so it's not always a linear path. I see these things as being somewhat fluid and different for each user.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Laura.
Laura Martin: So they're complementary and self-reinforcing? Okay. That makes sense. All right. Thanks very much.
Timothy Donald Cook: That's exactly right. Thank you for the question.
Laura Martin: Thank you.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Laura.
Nancy Paxton: A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcast, as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone and the numbers for the telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 5838188 and these replays will be available by approximately 5 PM Pacific Time today. Members of the press with additional questions can contact Josh Rosenstock at 408-862-1142 and financial analysts can contact Matt Blake or me with additional questions. Matt is at 408-974-7406 and I'm at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us.