
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark May from Citi.
Mark A. May: Thanks for taking my questions. I think the first one might be directed at Sheryl. Your reported pricing metric, I realize there's typically been noise in that. I think it's up 3% year-on-year. First of all, is that sort of representative for general pricing changes in the Marketplace? And do you think that there's still room for upside in pricing? And if so, where are some of the key areas where you see that coming from? And then another question on video. As you've begun to push more video content to users within the Facebook app itself, are you witnessing any meaningful changes in engagement, time spent with a typical Facebook app user? Thank you.
David M. Wehner: Mark, it's Dave. I can take those on the metrics. From the price-volume perspective, yeah, the price per ad increased modestly 3%. There's lots of different underlying metrics, but the overall kind of reported metric is really – continues to be driven by the mix shift away from right-hand column ads, which are lower price and lower value. And then, obviously impression growth is driven by the users' time spent in ad load. In terms of the opportunities for price, it's really just continuing to focus on making our ads better targeted, more relevant, improving all the different ways in which we can drive better outcomes for our advertisers and sort of meeting them with the results that they care about and delivering those results. We think there's – continue to be great opportunities to do that, and how the supply-demand dynamics play out will kind of impact the overall direction of price. And it's going to depend obviously also on regional mixes too, because some regions have obviously lower prices. I think the other question was on video. Video is one of the big drivers of engagement growth on Facebook. It's also helpful on Instagram where we're also seeing the benefit of ranking changes. So we continue to see good engagement and time spent growth across the Facebook family and on just Facebook, and video is a part of that story. So it's an important part of that story.