
Operator: Our next question is from Mark May from Citi. You're now live.
Mark May: Thank you. And actually a follow-on to AWS, the growth clearly impressive, but we did see, I think sequentially, and I apologize I'm not in front of model, but I think the growth was somewhere at 3%, 4% sequentially. There was a little bit of a slowdown in the quarter. Just wondered if there's anything that you'd call out there, pricing or any other factors that you could call out, that may have contributed to that. And apologize, but another one-day shipping question here. In terms of the $800 million, just curious where that gets you to, in terms of coverage of zip codes and SKUs? I assume right now this is a project that's in the US. And where that gets you from a coverage standpoint? And is this something that you expect to be a near- to medium-term priority in some of your other developed markets like the UK, Germany, et cetera? Thanks.
Brian Olsavsky: Yeah. So I'm glad you asked that. So, Mark, it's - let me start with that second question. The program will be global. Most of the spend that we are seeing in Q2 is starting in North America. But this is intended to be a global improvement in speed tied to our Prime program. So you will see more going forward. I can't give you exact percentages of selection and all that, mainly because we are still again working through that. And while we have ratcheted up a significant - we turned the dial significantly in April. And so we'll see the cost impact almost immediately in the quarter. We're really going to have to see how it goes this quarter, both on our pace of selection addition and expansion of one-day, and let you know probably at the end of the quarter. I would say in the short run, it's also expanding and increasing our speed on all of our orders quite frankly. On AWS revenue, let me just remind you that quarterly growth last year on an FX-neutral basis, so Q1 was 48%, then 49%, then 46% and 46%. So in the first half of the year, we have a tougher comp, if you will, versus some strong growth in the first-half of last year. This is always going to be a lumpy business. It's not only dependent on us, it's also dependent on the companies that are adopting Amazon, so there's a - or excuse me, AWS. So there are differences in sales cycles. There are differences in adoption of the cloud. There are differences in migration patterns that will make any quarter-to-quarter movements lumpy, as I said. So we're happy with the growth, 42% on an FX-neutral basis and again a $30 billion - greater than $30 billion annualized run rate.