
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Phil Winslow with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Philip Winslow: Hey guys, thank you guys for taking my question and congrats on a great quarter. Satya, you touched on the synergies that you're seeing between new applications businesses and LinkedIn helping the two out. Wonder if you could talk just sort of high level and strategically about applications and enterprise applications in Azure, and how you kind of see the synergy potentially coming out between those, especially when you think about Azure AI and all the services, or kind of the question is, how important or how critical are applications like the growth that we're seeing in Dynamics, et cetera?
Satya Nadella: Yes, I mean, one of the things that I talked about in my remarks this time was this power platform. One of the areas of in fact real breakout growth in differentiation as being in Power BI, PowerApps and Flow. For the first time in fact, in our own Microsoft history, we have an extensibility model that is the same for Office 365 and Dynamics 365. This has been a dream of mine for, I don't know, for 15 years probably. And we are finally here and we are executing super well. But the interesting thing is it's not just even for our own SaaS applications. It is the extensibility model for every SaaS application out there, including a common data model. So I think that that's where the synergies lie, because AI starts with having a data estate that can really bring data from all of your applications, silos in some sense, together so that you can start doing, building that analytical power that you can then visualize and put in the hands of people using Power BI or run an AI model that does some prediction that you can deploy in your system, whether it's forecasting, sales lead scoring, what have you. So that workflow, we have every layer of it. We have the best deployment tools and development tools in Azure. We have this common data model. On top of this, we have the best BI visualization technology. So that's what you're seeing increasingly as the synergy. But most importantly, architectural benefit for customers because by having incoherence around these layers is where you may feel like you're making some great best-of-breed sort of choices in individual layers, but you'll bear that expense in your overall agility as well as your overall management of your data. And that's where I think we will be very differentiated.
Philip Winslow: Great, thanks guys.
Michael Spencer: Thanks. Let's move to the next question please.