
Operator: Your next question is from Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line's open.
Peter C. Stabler: Good afternoon. Drafting off that. Sheryl, I'm wondering if you could update us on Atlas. We understand Atlas in and of itself is not likely be a major revenue driver, but we do see it as a strategically important piece of your toolset. So wondering if you can comment on agency adoption. Is it going according to plan? Are you happy with it? And then secondly, on SMB, just wondering, the 80 events that you've held around the world. In terms of learning come out of those, you talked a little bit about how folks get introduced as users, and that makes sense. Is the toolset simple enough today for SMB's to grasp? Or are there significant additions that you need to make to the toolset to accelerate the growth of SMB advertisers? Thanks very much.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: So on the first, Atlas is really important because it's solving a measurement problem which is that the current systems for serving and measuring ads are really flawed. They basically assume that you are one person on one of device, and we know that's not true. They are only about 65% accurate in demographic targeting, they don't work on mobile because they are cookie based, they don't work on multiple devices, they don't go off-line to on-line and they overemphasize the last click and reach. And so our focus with Atlas is helping people really understand the results they get with ads. And you heard my Live Nation example earlier where we are able to connect Facebook ads and our platform directly to ticket sales. We never could have done that without Atlas measurements. In terms of the migration process, this is an enterprise sale. We have to work client by client. Then they have to choose us, then they have to migrate their systems, and so it's going to take time. What really matters is that when we get that migration and we are seeing it, we are able to show them the value because it makes their buying much more effective because they understand real results in a new way. In tune with SMBs I would say two things. I would say that, one, our products aren't simple enough yet, because they can never be simple enough for SMBs, but two, our products are probably the simplest ones out there. And so I think we're leading and I think we have a lot more to do. If we look at even in the United States, which is a very advanced market, I think it's something like 35% of SMBs don't have a web presence of any kind. But a great majority of those do have a Facebook page, and that's because setting up a web presence for an SMB is complicated and expensive. You can't just start a webpage. But it is easier and free to start a Facebook page until you see broad adoption. We also make a lot of things that they couldn't do in other platforms available on us. So over 1 million SMBs have posted a video on Facebook, which is pretty amazing, because I doubt 1 million SMBs have ever run what is a video or TV ad. That's because you can shoot it on your mobile device, you can upload it, you can do that for free or you can pay us for the ad. And so I think our tools are the simplest, but I think we still need to do better because what we hear from SMBs is simple, fast, inexpensive, showing them real return, and we're going to continue to focus on all of those things.