
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross MacMillan from RBC Capital Markets.
Ross MacMillan: Thanks for taking my question. First on OpEx, the guidance, Amy, is impressive. I presume that fully accommodates the restructuring announced two weeks ago. And then last year, you said core Microsoft ex-NBS would be down slightly in OpEx. I wondered if you could provide a similar comment for fiscal 2016 for core Microsoft ex-phone.
Amy Hood: Sure. Look, I talked a little bit about it, but let me go into a bit of detail on that. I think the first half of your question was does the $32.1 billion to $32.4 billion full-year OpEx guide reflect the timing of the implementation of our restructuring, and it certainly does. And so what you can then see, relating to the second half your question, is that we are taking some of those savings and investing them back into the business in some of these key growth areas we've seen. I outlined three on the call. The third one I probably could have expanded more on. The first one is Windows 10. The second is the first-party hardware, where we just had such terrific performance again this Q4. And then finally, the third bucket was about accelerating our commercial cloud lead. And I do feel like in that area, we could invest in Office 365 some of the new E5 capabilities and look forward to adding sales capacity to take advantage of that. We'll also add sales capacity across some of the other opportunities we've seen broadly. And so I look and see that as an opportunity to accelerate top line growth.
Satya Nadella: And one thing I would just add because a lot of folks even ask about our business process and business applications, I want to build a long-term profitable business. In other words, one of the keys in business apps is you can always get into the trap of overspending in sales and marketing and not having long-term leverage at all. One of the things I feel very good about our position is how do you really build a long-term profitable business; that's front and center to me. So we will not overspend there in sales and marketing because we do believe the products – in fact, there is a different way to sell even business process applications because of the cloud, and that's something that we want to take advantage of.
Ross MacMillan: And I had have one quick follow-up, if I could. That's helpful. At Analyst Day you did talk about – I think it was 8% unit growth in the Office ecosystem over the last three years. And it sounds like you continued to see nice unit growth in Office. How should we think about that going forward? Are you fully expecting to continue to see unit growth? And then also just a clarification, I think your customer lifetime value was based on existing SKUs. So as you introduce E5 and others, does that open up the potential for even higher customer lifetime value? Thanks.
Amy Hood: Great. I do think the work we showed at the analyst meeting on the importance of increasing the install base across Office and Exchange, that it did occur again this quarter. So I feel good that we're staying on the trajectory that we showed in the projections. I do continue to expect that to happen, as we shared back that last week in April. On the second half of your question, I tend to think you're right. Generically, each of the examples was quite different. There were people that were upgrading from X to Y. There were people that were just simply moving to the cloud. But one of the things that the cloud, to your point, makes fundamentally possible is the opportunity for us to quickly iterate the opportunity's billed value and deploy it more quickly to customers. Generally, I do think that they will pay us for that, to your specific question. I also think the importance of it is that it tends to also come with higher margin. So our improvement and continued improvement in our commercial cloud gross margin portfolio, I think this is a key criteria of that. So I associate it, yes, with lifetime value, and I also associate it with our ability to move our gross margin percentage up.
Ross MacMillan: That's great, thank you.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Ross. We have time for one last question, please.