
Operator: That will be from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to start off with one of the new services Apple Arcade, and if you have any insights in terms of what you're seeing for engagement or retention of customers beyond the initial trial period also how your partnerships with developers progressing there. How does the pipeline look like than any early projections of what that business longer term might look like?
Tim Cook: We're not going to give out projections on it, but I would tell you that we were really pleased with the number of people that enter the trial period. People are just coming out of the 30-day trial period in the last few days or week or so. And so it's really too early to tell what the conversion rate will be.But I feel like we're off to a good start and the - most important of everything. The customer feedback to date has really been incredible and we're very excited for the future of the service.
Samik Chatterjee: Great. As a follow-up if I can, trying to attack the Wearables question within the angle, what are you seeing in terms of -- I believe consumer behavior in upgrading Wearables like Apple Watch AirPods and how are you thinking about your ability to accelerate some of that replacement cycle by driving innovation?
Tim Cook: I think we, because the Watch is relatively young. We haven't seen enough upgrade cycles to really establish a pattern as yet. And as I've mentioned before, 3 out of 4 customers buying an Apple Watch currently or last quarter I should say were buying an Apple Watch for the first time. And so there is still a very, very large new to Apple Watch in this regard.I do think the upgrade market will look at larger over time, but just don't have a current view as to -- how often and so forth. On the AirPods we're anxious to see the customers for the new AirPods Pro.But I would guess that one particularly in the early going will be people that have AirPods today and want to have -- also have a pair for the times that they need noise cancellation.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you. Samik. A replay of today’s call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcasts, as a webcast on apple.com/investor, and via telephone. And the numbers to the telephone replay are 888-203-1112, or 719-457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 433-1479. These replays will be available by approximately 5:00 PM Pacific Time today.Members of the press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414, and financial analysts can contact Tejas Gala or me with additional questions. Tejas is at 669-227-2402, and I am at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us.