
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Mark R. Murphy: Yes, thank you very much. Satya, I'm curious, how is the pace of the conversations around Internet of Things, machine learning, and cognitive services? And also, what are you seeing as the killer app types of use cases that could resonate with customers in terms of the more mainstream applicability? And also, Amy, just given the strength in commercial bookings and also commercial bookings guidance, macroeconomically do you see any signs of enterprise budgets opening up somewhat or different activity levels, more receptivity to transformative projects? I'm just trying to understand maybe how we can separate out your company-specific momentum against any conceivable incremental macro tailwind.
Satya Nadella: That's great, so let me start. The best way to think about how people are using, whether it's Azure or Dynamics 365 or other capabilities we have, is in the context of that digital transformation and the outcome. So when you say killer apps, the killer apps are how are customers able to reimagine how they think about customer engagement, how they think about employee empowerment or the operational efficiency, or how they can change the products and the business models and the products. And if you look at even the examples I used in this quarterly earnings call, Maersk and what they are trying to do across all of those is pretty transformative. There is machine learning in AI. There is IoT. There is new type of business process automation with operations. All of that is transforming Maersk. What thyssenkrupp has done in their Elevator business and other business units by using anything from HoloLens to a front-line worker to how they're fundamentally moving their business model from essentially the margin on the thing to the margin on the service, which has machine learning and AI built into it. Those are the killer transformation opportunities that we are seeing. And in fact, it's not about in fact taking any old workload per se, but it's about reimagining what they want to do across these. And in that context, of course, they're lifting and shifting some of the older workloads, but they're modernizing the entire business process flow. And that's what's I think the killer opportunity, not any one technology, but the entire flow.
Amy E. Hood: And I think your question about is it really budgets, I think you used the phrase opening up. What I think is really interesting is, I don't know, I read probably the same CIO surveys you all do. Frankly, the numbers in those in terms of IT spend or intent to spend, they aren't much different than we've seen. For me, what I think is missing in that question is really – it's not about any one customer saying wait, I'm going to spend 2% more or 3% more. These are companies actually deciding that the change is required, not from an infrastructure perspective, but to change how they're running their business itself. And so things that used to look more to them like capital expense or COGS or not just an IT budget, this is literally changing every business process they run or changing the services they offer, and thinking about literally driving their revenue differently. And so I don't really associate it probably as much with a quote-unquote, budget that sits in IT very narrowly. This is really about every budget that sits not just in IT, but under every functional leader of a company being spent differently and being spent on our technology.
Chris Suh: Thank you, Mark. We'll take the next question, please.