
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Karl Keirstead: Thanks very much and congratulations on the results. So relative to your guidance, over half the beat this quarter came in the Intelligent Cloud segment. So I wouldn't mind digging in there a little bit. And it wasn't just the amazing Azure performance. Your on-prem server product business accelerated despite the cautious commentary about a tough comp on the last call. Even Enterprise Services was plus-3% instead of flat. And your guide actually suggests that that goodness in Intelligent Cloud should continue next quarter, despite actually a way tougher comp. So I'm just curious, Amy or Satya, if there are any threads that you can weave through this Intelligent Cloud outperformance, if you saw any broader increase in enterprise spend in the December quarter. Any change in behavior or is all of this goodness a little bit more Microsoft-specific? Amy, you called out IT spending signal, so I'm guessing maybe a little bit was macro. Thank you.
Satya Nadella: Thanks, Karl. Let me start and, Amy, you can add. I mean, for me it all comes down to really having an architectural advantage on what is a new secular trend. So when we think about the Intelligent Cloud and the Intelligent Edge, and then bring that to the Azure business, you can see it at each layer. When it comes to infrastructure, we're the only cloud provider that provides true hybrid cloud computing with Azure and Azure Stack. When it comes to the data tier, we have real uniqueness. Take something like Cosmos DB. It's the only planet-scale database, that's multi-model, supports these new programming models of server-less and event-driven programming. Take SQL, what we are seeing in terms of SQL growth, in terms of Azure DB, as well as SQL server and SQL server on Linux, that's again addressing the customer needs. There are new workloads that are being born, that require both the cloud and the edge, IoT being a great example of that. And especially when you take that in combination with AI, again, you train on the cloud and you score on the edge. That's a real competitive advantage. We have everything from sort of the lifecycle management of how these models get created and deployed, and so on. So I think that's what you're seeing. There will be variability quarter to quarter. There will be mix differences. But overall, when I look at what is it that we need to get done is innovate on what is a fundamental architectural advantage to where the world is going.
Amy Hood: And I would say, Karl, a couple of things. We've been investing here both in engineering to land the differentiation that Satya just talked about in sales resources and then continuing to invest in technical sales resources that can help our customers be successful in these deployments. I actually think you're continuing to see the impact of those investments growing in time and growing in expertise. And so, I feel encouraged both by the technical differentiation, but also the return on the investments we've made here, that lead us to have good amount of confidence that you do see in the guide in Q3. And yes, you're right, we do have a tougher comparable, particularly on-prem in Q3, which is correct.
Karl Keirstead: Okay, thank you both.
Satya Nadella: Thank you, Karl.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Karl. We'll move to next question, please.