
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente with Evercore ISI.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks very much for taking my questions. I have two; one for Dave and one for Mark. Dave, will the privacy policy or the opt-in process differ in Europe versus other geographies post GDPR? Your prepared remarks suggested that those controls would extend to the rest of the world. And if that is the case, why wouldn't we also potentially see an impact to MAU and/or DAU outside of just Europe? And then Mark, just simple question, having watched most of your testimony on Capitol Hill, I just wonder what did you learn, or what surprised you the most personally from that experience? Thank you.
David M. Wehner: Do you want to take that, Sheryl?
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: Yeah. On the GDPR changes, so we just started rolling out the GDPR controls in Europe and we're going to make all the same controls and settings available every way, which gives people the same opportunities to make the same choices. It's not going to be exactly the same format. It's going to be localized instead for different parts of the world. And so we think some of the differences will come from that.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: And on the testimony, these are important issues and I think that that was an important moment to be able to go and hear what people were wondering about and just to have a public hearing of answering all of the questions around Cambridge Analytica and what we knew and all the steps that we're taking on data privacy and developers to make sure that this doesn't happen again and to lay out all the different things that we're doing. I mean, the hearings didn't just touch on that. They also touched on a number of the other issues that we face, including foreign interference in elections and that's something that we're incredibly focused on. 2018 is going to be an incredibly important year on this. There are big elections, not just the U.S. midterms, but the major elections upcoming in Mexico, in Brazil, in India, and Pakistan, and a number of other countries around the world. So this is important and it was an important moment for the company to hear the feedback and to show what we're doing. And now I think the important thing is that we execute on all the things that we need to do to make sure that we keep people safe.