
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Ralph Schackart from William Blair.
Ralph Edward Schackart: Good afternoon. Maybe switching gears to feed, you talked about it being a major growth driver and a lot of opportunities for improvement. Can you maybe share some perspective on what those opportunities look like from both a user, as well as an advertiser? And then also, maybe just more longer-term, how can feed continue to be a strong growth driver? Thanks.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: I can take that. When you think about feed, what people are doing is sharing. They're sharing in Instagram and Facebook. And that means there's, in many ways, almost limitless opportunity for consumers to do more. I think we've made some strong changes on Facebook in terms of meaningful social interactions, and I think the history of our ability to develop and iterate on consumer products shows that we can help people as they evolve, share the things they want to share, and have a very meaningful and important experience in feed as they're sharing. Feed is fundamentally about information being pushed to a consumer and us helping figure out what is most interesting and most engaging and I think, in many ways, positive for people. And I think the product teams, led by Mark, have done a great job of that over time and you're seeing the continued investment there. Along with that, goes the advertising opportunities. As there are more Stories and feed, as more people are engaged in Facebook and increasingly in Instagram, that gives us more opportunities just on the supply side of ads. On the demand side, all of the things we do to get more advertisers active in our system, means we'll have more ads to choose from, to make those ads more relevant, to measure the ROI of those ads so that people can then iterate and, again, make those more relevant. I think we've made real improvements there, but I think there's a lot more we can do. And one of the ways I talk to people about it is just ask what percentage of the ads do you see in your feed are as good as the very best posts you see from friends. And I think most people will honestly say that certainly compared to a few years ago, those ads are much more relevant to them, but not all of them. And you can see in that example, even in your own feed, the opportunities we have to improve, finding the right ad and giving it to the right person at the right time, which drives businesses all around the world and drives our business as well.
Deborah Crawford: Great. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your time. And we look forward to speaking with you again.