
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson from MoffettNathanson.
Michael Nathanson: I have two, one for Dave and one for Mark. So maybe for Dave, if you look at your slide deck, Page 4, what you see is just this amazing ARPU growth in the U.S. And just the size of the U.S. ARPU is so much larger than all these other markets, including Europe. I wonder when you look at the opportunity to try to drive market -- drive pricing in other markets, what are those gating factors? What are you looking for to -- or what should we look for to move pricing to be closer to where, I guess, ARPU closer to where the U.S. numbers are heading? And then for Mark, on payments, what are your initial markets that you're trying to target? And what impact do you all expect? And if you get payments right, what impact would that have on your other parts of the advertising business?
David Wehner: Sure, Michael. I'll take the first one. So this has been a pretty consistent question that's come up over the years. And I think the answer largely is the same as I've given on previous calls, which is the U.S. and Canada segment is really a pure-play developed market, which is U.S. and Canada is the 2 countries in that segment. Europe is a broader mix of countries. So you've got Eastern Europe, and you've got Turkey in there. So you've got just lower ad market per capita countries that are included in that segment. It's a much closer number if you were to look just pure-play at Western Europe. And then there's obviously different engagement levels, maturity of Instagram in those markets that also plays into it. I guess not for the Facebook-only stats, but I think you just get different dynamics based on the, really, characteristics of those countries.  So that's really what's driven the difference in ARPUs, and you're also getting faster growth in general in the lower-ARPU countries both within Europe and within APAC. So that tends to also have a mitigating impact on ARPU because of the mix towards those lower-ARPU countries as the users grow there more quickly.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. And on payments, we're focused in different places with different products. For things like Instagram and even a lot of what we're doing on Facebook, it's a lot more developed countries. For WhatsApp, it's the biggest countries on WhatsApp. So that's countries like India and Mexico and Brazil and Indonesia, which will make up a large part of the community on WhatsApp.  The way that we expect that this will work out is basically for people, it's just -- this is an important feature to be able to move your money around, pay friends and individuals as well as small businesses. From a small business perspective, being able to close the loop on ads and transactions, we think, is just going to make it so that it's more valuable to have a presence on our services, and buying ads is going to be more valuable. So click-to-messaging ads, which the ads run in Facebook and Instagram but then link you to WhatsApp or Messenger, is a product that's growing well. As you can complete more payments in WhatsApp and Messenger, you would expect it to be worth more for businesses to bid more there, which is why we're so far focused on making it so that the payments can be free or really as cheap as possible. Because we think that from a business perspective, we will get some of the value just by having the services be more valuable for businesses and the ad prices that they'll bid in the auction.