
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ross MacMillan: Thanks so much for taking my question. Amy, I had one on the same lines on CapEx, and I just wondered if you could provide some insights. We're at 26 data center regions today. I think you have 34 planned, so that would imply we're about three-quarters of the way through that spending cycle. But should we view 34 as a ceiling, or is it possible that we could see further data center regions built out beyond that 34? And then I had one follow-up.
Satya Nadella: Let me start, and then, Amy, you can add to this. In some sense, Ross, you're trying to ask us to project forward and say what is the legitimate digital security and digital sovereignty needs of all the different types of businesses that we want to serve using the cloud all over the world. The position that we have taken is that we want to serve customers where they are and not assume very simplistically that the digital sovereignty needs of customers can be met out of a fewer data center approach. Because right now, given the secular trend to move to the cloud across all of the regulated industries across the globe, we think it's wiser for us and our investors long term to be able to meet them where they are. And that's what you see us. We are the only cloud that operates in China under Chinese law, the only cloud that operates in Germany under German law. And these are very critical competitive advantages to us. And so we will track that, and we will be very demand driven. So in this case we're not taking these positions of which regions to open and where to open them well in advance of our demand. If anything, I think our cycle times have significantly come down. So it will be demand-driven, but I don't want to essentially put a cap because if the opportunity arises, and for us it's a high ROI decision to open a new region, we will do so.
Amy E. Hood: And I would add, in addition to the number of regions which Satya is talking about, it's also the capacity inside a region. Much of our spend is, as you note, on some of the infrastructure to put in place when you pick a location. The rest of it is continuing to build out in that location the number of servers and networking equipment required. So there are really two components, and I think Satya has talked about why you would enter a region and its ROI, and there's also the correlation to how many servers and that spend and pace over time based on demand.
Ross MacMillan: Thanks so much, maybe just one quick follow-up. The server products business that Karl talked about did rebound this quarter, and I think it was up about 4% constant currency for the year. I know you're not guiding that to that number specifically and you talked about potential volatility. But is there any range of outcomes that you're thinking about for that business? Will it grow, is it not clear that it will grow? I'd just love any additional color there. Thank you.
Amy E. Hood: In terms of server products and services, I tend to think of it as the all-up growth. It's really about growing the cloud, growing the hybrid, and then whatever happens in the Transactional business happens. And I'm very proud actually of the growth this quarter. I think our guide for Q1, given some of the headwinds we expect in terms of support agreements that we talked about in Enterprise Services, continues to expect very healthy double-digit annuity growth, driven fundamentally by Azure in that segment.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Ross.
Ross MacMillan: Thanks again. Congrats.
Chris Suh: We'll go to the next question, please.