
Operator: That will be from Chris Caso with Raymond James.
Chris Caso: Yes. Thank you. Good afternoon. And Nancy, congratulations to you too, and we're going to miss you.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you.
Chris Caso: My first question is about pricing and the effect of some of the lower price points for iPhone 11 as compared to last year. And it looked like margins and revenues did well on that, and also followed some price adjustments you made in emerging markets last year, and obviously we've seen some improvement in China as well.So if you could talk about maybe what that tells us about pricing strategy in general and perhaps that you're willing to take a little more flexible approach to drive some elasticity if you think that's going to have a positive effect?
Luca Maestri: Yes, Chris, I think that the price moves we've made have been smart and well received and do show a level of elasticity, but the most important thing by far is the product. And I think we've got the best line-up we've ever had in the customer response to the product and what the product does for them is really incredible.And photos I am getting from many users around the world are just incredible that people are taking. And so I think it's product first, and then prices sort of falls out of that, and we did decide to be more aggressive. And looking at the results in the early going, I think it was the right call.In terms of emerging markets we picked sort of locally relevant prices, and in some cases where the dollar had become stronger, we took an exchange rate that would have reflected a while back, instead of the current exchange rate.And in other words, we tried to stay as close as we could to a local price point that we knew was effective for that particular market. And those in addition to the U.S. price that has gotten more of a discussion had been extremely well received.
Chris Caso: Thank you. As a follow-on, perhaps you could talk about the potential for some of the tariffs that are upcoming what -- do you have a view of what potential impact that could have going forward and how Apple is looking to address it? Will you need to adjust your own pricing if in fact the tariffs are imposed?
Tim Cook: We are paying some tariffs today as you know, some that went into effect pre-September, and some others that went into effect in September. So we are paying some that's been comprehended. But in general, my view is very positive in terms of how things are going, and that positive view is obviously factored in our guidance as well.And just the tone I think has changed significantly and I have long thought that it was in both countries, best interests to get to an agreement that may be initially doesn't solve everything but solves some things that each party may want and get to a better place than where we're at and I'm hopeful that that's where we're headed.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Chris. Could we have the next question please?