
Operator: The next question is from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Justin Post: Yeah, I have a couple. First, Mark, maybe on core Facebook, there's been commentary out there that maybe there's less personal sharing. Just maybe comments on the direction of Facebook? What the activities are going on, how you feel about that? And then just about the ad loads, I mean how are you deciding how much ads to show? Could you hold back a bit and drive higher pricing? How are you balancing that? And why not hold back a little bit more now for longevity there? Thank you.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: Sure. So I'll talk about sharing, and then I think Dave can probably talk about ad loads and pricing. So, the overall level of sharing is up on Facebook. And what we're seeing is that how people share is evolving as we move from desktop to mobile, right. So you can imagine more photos on people's mobile cameras, fewer long full photo albums, more ability to capture video, probably a little bit harder to type on mobile. So there's this evolution. The other thing that we see is that now people have tools to share more privately as well. So when you think about sharing on Facebook, you shouldn't just think about the kind of sharing that you see in News Feed, right. So sharing with all of your friends, sharing in groups on Facebook and public sharing, which are the trends that I was just talking about. But another area that's growing incredibly quickly is private messaging, right, where between Messenger and WhatsApp, I think we're around 60 billion messages a day, which I think is something like three times more than the peak of global SMS traffic. So that is something that's growing pretty quickly and that we're really excited about as well. And we're just going to continue working on giving people the best tools across the spectrum from private to public, and across the spectrum from text-based and simple communication to richer type of media like photos, videos, and then, eventually, more immersive forms like VR.
David M. Wehner: Yeah, and Justin, in terms of ad load, we've talked about the different factors that go into it, obviously, just in driving the overall business. Advertiser demand, that was particularly strong this period, and then also we matched that with supply. And the supply – the two big drivers are user and time spent and then ad load. And getting the balance and mix right is important, and clearly, how the pricing plays out is via the auction. And we've had a good balance of demand growth and supply growth, and that's led to our good strong financial results and our ability to deliver very strong ROI to advertisers. So we think we're in a good zone on the right ad load, and we do think there's opportunities to grow that modestly. But as we look forward into 2017, we think it'll be a less significant factor driving inventory growth. But we still think there's opportunities to drive inventory through user growth and time spent. I don't think we would think about necessarily dropping ad load to drive pricing. We're also very cognizant of providing good value to advertisers, and getting that balance right is important to driving overall ROI, as well as obviously providing better targeting and measurement tools for our advertisers.