
Operator: From Cross Research Group, we'll hear from Shannon Cross.
Shannon S. Cross: Thank you very much. I have a couple questions. One, Tim, can you talk a bit about what's going on in China? I know the Greater China revenue I think was down 26%. You did talk about Mainland China. But just if you could, talk about some of the trends you're seeing there and how you think it's playing out, and maybe your thoughts on iPhone SE adoption within China as well.
Timothy Donald Cook: Shannon, thanks for the question. If you take Greater China, we include Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Mainland China in the Greater China segment that you see reported on your data sheet. The vast majority of the weakness in the Greater China region sits in Hong Kong. And our perspective on that is it's a combination of the Hong Kong dollar being pegged to the U.S. dollar, and therefore it carries the burden of the strength of the U.S. dollar. And that has driven tourism, international shopping, and trading down significantly compared to what it was in the year ago. If you look at Mainland China, which is one that I am personally very focused on, we are down 11% in Mainland China on a reported basis. On a constant currency basis, we're only down 7%. And the way that we really look at the health or underlying demand is look at sell-through. And if you look at it there, we were down 5%. And keep in mind that that's down 5% on a comp a year ago that was up 81%. And so as I back up from this and look at the larger picture, I think China is not weak as has been talked about. I see China as may not have the wind at our backs that we once did, but it's a lot more stable than what I think is the common view of it. And so we remain really optimistic on China. We opened seven stores there during the quarter. We now are at 35. We'll open five more this quarter to achieve 40, which we had talked about before. And the LTE adoption continues to rise there, but it's got a long way ahead of it. And so we continue to be really optimistic about it and just would ask folks to look underneath the numbers at the details of them before concluding anything. Thanks for the question.
Shannon S. Cross: Okay, thanks. And then my second question is with regard to OpEx leverage or thinking about when I look at the revenue, your revenue is below our expectations, but OpEx is pretty much in line. So how are you thinking about potential for leverage, I don't know, cost containment maybe when macro is bad and revenue is under pressure? And how are you juggling that versus the required investment you need to go forward?
Luca Maestri: Shannon, it's Luca. Of course we think about it. We think about it a lot. And so when you look at our results, for example, our OpEx for the quarter, for the March quarter was up 10%, which is the lowest rate that you've seen in years. And when you look within OpEx, you actually see two different dynamics. You see continued significant investments in research and development because we really believe that's the future of the company. We continue to invest in initiatives and projects ahead of revenue. We have a much broader portfolio than we used to have. We do much more in-house technology development than we used to do a few years ago, which we think is a great investment for us to make. And so that part we really need to protect and we want to continue to invest in the business. And then when you look at our SG&A portion of OpEx for the March quarter, it was actually down slightly. So obviously, we think about it, and of course we look at our revenue trend and we take measures accordingly. And when you look at the guidance that we provided for the June quarter, that 10% year-over-year increase that I mentioned to you for the March quarter goes down to a range of 7% to 9% up. And again, the focus is on making investments in R&D and continuing to run SG&A extremely tightly and in a very disciplined way. As you know, our E-to-R, expense-to-revenue ratio, is around 10%. It's something that we're very proud of. It's a number that is incredibly competitive in our industry, and we want to continue to keep it that way. At the same time, we don't want to underinvest in the business.
Shannon S. Cross: Thank you.
Nancy Paxton: Than you, Shannon. Could we have the next question, please?