
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you. I guess when you look at fourth quarter guidance and you back out AWS, it suggests that margins are, on the core business, are going to be pretty down versus last year. Do you view this as a abnormal investment cycle, or just part of the overall kind of ebbs and flows of the business? And then long-term, I know several years ago you talked about maybe high single digit, low double digit margins long term. I wonder if you could refresh us on that, and also just let us know if you think International has structural margin differences than the U.S. in the core retail business. Thank you.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure. Yes. As far as the continuation of the investment into next year, I cannot give you much color on that today. What I can tell you again is that we've ramped up considerably. We've been investing quite openly in a lot of areas and continue to do so. We are experiencing a ramp-up, if you will, in the second half of this year particularly tied again to AWS, or excuse me, the fulfillment center spend and also the video content spend. So we will continue to invest in video content. We'll continue to invest in fulfillment space to handle higher and higher paid unit volumes and shipped unit volumes. We'll continue to invest in things that we believe enhance the customer experience, particularly the Prime experience. Devices, we'll continue to invest in as particularly Alexa and the Echo products. We'll continue to invest in getting faster and faster shipping methods for our consumers. We believe that's working. We're very happy with the results. We're very happy with all the customers we have but particularly the Prime customers that we have. As far as long-term operating margins, I can't forecast that right now. I can't forecast that for our AWS business either. We are again working on two fronts. We are honing the businesses that we're in and making them as efficient, as profitable as possible while also investing very pointedly and very wisely, we believe, in things that will enhance customer experience and create lasting businesses for us down the line. We've said we want things that customers will love, can grow to be large, will have strong financial returns and durable and can last for decades. So that's still our mission. We have pillars of the business right now with Marketplace, AWS and Prime and we're actively looking for a fourth and fifth pillar.