
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research. Please proceed.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you, and congrats on the quarter. Amy commercial cloud ARR grew 24% Q-over-Q, which is the largest Q-over-Q growth so far. Completely understand that Q4 is a big quarter for closing business, but 3.7 billion is a large number, can you give us some more color on exactly what is driving this growth and then I have a quick follow-up.
Amy Hood: Sure. When you think about, you are right, it is a big number, and I feel very good about it, and for the year on a pure basis it was $15 billion of commercial cloud revenue. So we are starting to get to that point Mark where you have a big base, which is still growing at a fast rate, and so especially ARR numbers can see big jumps in the one that you saw this quarter, and your right, Q4 is also historically quite a big quarter and this one certainly was as well. But you also saw - and what really does matter, especially in Azure is usage of growth, really consumption growth having customers use deploy, be successful, and really continue to get you think sort of meters up and running and that continues to build on itself, and so when you start to see that you can, and I do think and we will continue to see good growth in this number.
Mark Moerdler: Excellent. As a quick follow-up, how should we think of how that sets us up to 2018 in terms of hitting expectations, beating expectations, continuing, you know strong 40%, 50% year-over-year growth.
Amy Hood: Let me start by saying, first I feel very good about meeting our stated goal of $20 billion in commercial cloud ARR. Next, I think across every service the momentum we’ve seen in Q4 and in particular, I would say, I think not many people focus on it, but even things like Windows E5, advanced threat protection services, those types of deployments really will add to momentum in our offerings. One of the things we often talk about is, we sell Microsoft 365. That’s Windows 10 with securities and services. It is a modern workplace that includes up-to-date Office 365 and it includes EMS. We really did see strength across all of them. So I don't really think it’s about a percentage, but it’s about each of them continuing to make progress.
Mark Moerdler: Excellent and congrats.
Amy Hood: Thank you.
Chris Suh: Thanks Mark. We will take the next question please.