
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my questions. I have two. The first one, Amazon always had a pretty big focus on efficiencies. I'd be curious if you could talk about examples or areas where you have been able to iron out inefficiencies in the fulfillment process. And any still existing examples where you see low hanging fruit to really improve fulfillment efficiency? And then back to the point on investment. You didn't mention brick and mortar at all. There's been a lot of mention in the press about Amazon brick and mortar. I guess it would be curious to hear how you think about the importance of an Amazon brick and mortar presence and how that fits into the long-term strategy?
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure thing. So, particularly as it pertains to our fulfillment center networks, I think the biggest areas of efficiency right now are in our Amazon Robotics areas. That technology continues to improve, and we have – we're now multiple generations down. We just launched am Amazon Robotics fulfillment center in the Tokyo area recently, and I toured that last month, and it's just amazing to see the strides that Amazon Robotics has taken and the efficiency we're getting in our warehouse as a result. The other efficiencies that we're seeing are network efficiencies, especially as we add things like sort centers. It's a collaboration and the movement between warehouses and sort centers and then to the end customer. The ability to have control through our sort centers has allowed us over the last few years to extend our cutoff times from 3:00 p.m. in most cases till midnight. So, greater control of our processes. If we do it cost effectively can also have favorable benefits both for our warehouse flow and also for our customers and their ordering pattern. So, there's a lot of efficiencies that are going on day-to-day around here. One of the benefits of rapid growth is the ability to create leverage on purchases and a lot of the processes that we run. So, your second question was on stores. Yes, I think you're seeing the expansion of our bookstores. We have six bookstores right now, and we have announced another six. The Amazon Go is in beta in Seattle, and while that's not large and only one site, we're excited about the potential there and the use of the technologies of computer vision, sensor fusion and deep learning. We think that has a lot of potential. Again, it's only one location that's still in beta. But along with the bookstores, we also have – you'll see us in pop-up stores and college pickup points. So, for us it's another way to reach the customer and test what resonates with them, and we're pleased with the results.