
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Mahaney: Thanks. Two questions, please. First, any comment on customer growth qualitatively, how that's trended, how that trended throughout the year, accelerated, consistent, decelerated? And then, would you be willing to give any commentary on the engagement impact you're seeing from all of these Echo devices that are getting into households? Are you seeing people shop more? Are they engaging more with other parts of Amazon? Just any sort of impact on what people with these Echo devices do that's different than Amazon customers that don't have them. Thank you.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure. Let me start with the Echo. So I don't think I'm going to answer your exact question there on quantifying the retail sales through Echo devices. It's still very early days on that, so that's not material. But the engagement is just like any other Prime benefit or investment that we have. We do look at engagement and we like the engagement of customers who have Echoes. But let me step back a minute and give some highlights on that, Alexa and Echo together. As we mentioned in our press release, the unit sales of Echoes grew nine times, 9x, year-over-year during the holiday period. So, great customer adoption. We're really glad to see that and that creates a great base of Echo and Alexa fans out there. We've added 4,000 skills to Alexa since I last spoke to you in October and we're working with a lot of major companies as they add abilities, too, for our customer base to use the Alexa or the Echo to reach them. Tens of thousands of developers are building new skills for Alexa. So, the skills addition should continue. And just as importantly, tens of thousands of developers are also using the Alexa Voice Service to help integrate Alexa into their products, which then creates a great network effect. We're doing that ourselves. If you've seen in the quarter, we added Alexa capabilities to our tablets and Fire TV devices, making them better. So it's a great, again, part of the flywheel in that, Echo and Alexa make the devices better and it builds engagement, not only with Echo and Alexa, but also with Amazon.
Darin Manney: Hi, Mark. This is Darin. On the customer count, no absolute number to give this quarter. As you know, back in Q1 we gave an active customer count that exceeded 300 million and I can say it's still growing and we're pleased with the number there. What we do like is the engagement with Prime. We continue to add Prime members and similar to the flywheel that Brian was just mentioning, that the FBA selection helps us with engaging customers and in particular the Prime program. So we're very pleased with our customer engagement this year.