
Operator: From UBS, we'll hear from Steve Milunovich.
Steven M. Milunovich: Thank you. Tim, I first wanted to ask you about Services, and how do you view Services? You've obviously highlighted it the last two quarters. Do you view it going forward as a primary driver of earnings, or do you view it – you mentioned platforms in terms of your operating systems, which I would agree with. And in that scenario, I would argue it's more a supporter of the ecosystem and a supporter of the hardware margins over time and therefore somewhat subservient to hardware. So it's great that it's growing, but longer term, I would view its role as more creating ecosystem that supports the high margins on hardware as opposed to independently driving earnings. How do you think about it?
Timothy Donald Cook: The most important thing for us, Steve, is that we want to have a great customer experience. So overwhelmingly, the thing that drives us are to embark on services that help that and become a part of the ecosystem. The reality is that in doing so, we have developed a very large and profitable business in the Services area. And so we felt last quarter and working up to that that we should pull back the curtain so that people could – our investors could see the Services business both in terms of the scale of it and the growth of it. As we said earlier, the purchase value of the installed base services grew by 27% during the quarter, which was an acceleration over the previous quarter. And the value of it hit just – or was just shy of $10 billion. And so it's huge, and we felt it was important to spell that out.
Steven M. Milunovich: Okay. And then going back to the upgrades of the installed base, you clearly mentioned that you've pulled forward some demand, which makes sense. But there does seem to be a lengthening of the upgrade cycle, particularly in the U.S. AT&T and Verizon have talked about that. Investors I think perceive that maybe the marginal improvements on the phone might be less currently and could be less going forward. At the same time, I think you just announced that you can get the upgrade program online, which I guess potentially could shorten it. Do you believe that upgrade cycles are currently lengthening and can continue to do so?
Timothy Donald Cook: What we've seen is that it depends on what you compare it to. If you compare to the iPhone 5s, what we're seeing is the upgrade rate today is slightly higher or that there are more people upgrading, if you will, in a similar time period in terms of rate than the iPhone 5s. But if you compare to iPhone 6, you would clearly arrive at the opposite conclusion. And so I think it depends on people's reference points. And we thought it very important in this call to be very clear and transparent about what we are seeing. And so I think in retrospect, you can look at it and say, well maybe the appropriate measure is more to the iPhone 5s, and I think everybody intuitively thought that the upgrades were accelerated with the iPhone 6. In retrospect, when you look at the periods, they clearly were.
Steven M. Milunovich: Thank you.
Nancy Paxton: Thanks, Steve. Can we have the next question, please?