
Operator: And we'll hear from Mark Moskowitz with Barclays.
Mark Moskowitz: Yes. Thank you. Good afternoon. A question and a follow-up. As far as the question, Tim, I wanted to get a better sense from you in terms of what is the overarching message of introducing a little more details here around services. Is this really to just reinforce the power of the franchise or the platform at Apple in terms of to really navigate tougher macro times in terms of the higher level recurring revenue, or is it a stepping stone to much more in terms of Apple service, i.e. I think of all the stuff you do on the data center side. Could we eventually have seen, with the help of IBM and Cisco that you eventually move more into the cloud services for the enterprise?
Tim Cook: So, good question. We started breaking out services, as you know, in the beginning of fiscal year 2015. And as that business has grown and as it became clear to us that the investors wanted -- investors and analysts wanted more visibility into that business, we've now elected to break it out and show the full size, scope, growth, and make comments on the profitability of it from a transparency point of view. I do think that the assets that we have in this area are huge and I do think that it's probably something that the investment community would want to and should focus more on. In terms of our future plans, I wouldn't want to comment about any particular thing, but obviously, with breaking this out, we wouldn't be breaking it out if it wasn't an area that was very important to us in the future.
Mark Moskowitz: Okay. Thank you.
Tim Cook: Thank you.
Mark Moskowitz: And I wanted to follow-up on the upgrade advance program dynamics. Can you talk a little more about what you're seeing in terms of in-store at the Apple Stores? Are you seeing any sort of dislocation in terms of folks who are moving to the upgrade or finance program, are they moving more toward Apple versus maybe the in-store percentage that used to be related to the carriers? In other words, are folks just going with Apple now, instead of the carriers, when they buy their phone, as part of these upgrade programs?
Tim Cook: No, I don't -- honestly, this has nothing to do with wanting to move customers from one person to another. This has to do with wanting to provide customers a very simple way to upgrade. Because we serve a significant number of customers in the Apple Store who want the iPhone when it's new and when it comes out, and so we've designed a program that made it simple and easy to do that. I have no idea over time how the percentage of the sales will vary between carriers and the Apple retail store, but that's not our overriding objective.
Mark Moskowitz: Okay. Thank you. Good afternoon.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Mark. We have time for one more question.