
Operator: The next question is from Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you very much. I was wondering, and I guess this is a follow up on Anthony's question. Is there a way to think about maybe the percentage of your kind of top 100 customers, or however you want to define it, that might be using FAN as an ad on to their Facebook spending? I guess I'm wondering if you're seeing increasing leverage of FAN. And then the other question would just be political spending, obviously, wasn't a big driver for you guys in 2012, but it does seem like it is potentially a great opportunity in the back half of the year. I was just wondering if you could comment on that at all. Thank you.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: On the political spending, our business is broad-based, not that no one event drives our business, we're pretty large and diversified. And while the political campaign, obviously, a lot a money is spend in ads. That's also true of an Olympics; it's true of a World Cup, it's also true of a Super Bowl. And so, with all of these events taking place around the world, there's no one event that we think drives a huge portion of revenue. That said, we are pleased by what's happened on Facebook for the elections cycle, not just on the paid side but actually on the organic side as well. We really see Facebook being embraced by politicians all over the world to get in touch with their constituents. And we're pleased with that. Every member of Congress right now has a Facebook presence. And we're seeing people like, one example is Elise Stefanik, the youngest person in the Congress. She made a pledge when she was elected that she would explain every vote she takes, and she explains every vote she takes on Facebook. With shorter explanations if they're not controversial but longer explanations. That's the kind of mission based work that we're happy about because it brings people closer to the people who are representing them. We don't break out how many advertisers are advertising on the Audience Network, but we're seeing solid and growing adoption of the Audience Network across the board, as we are with Instagram. And we think all of these platforms together really help give us the ability to serve our clients in a very leveraged way, and use the targeting and measurement capabilities we have invested in across multiple platforms.