
Operator: The next question is from Carlos Karjner with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Carlos Karjner: I have two quick questions. I’m interested in the plans to allow users to do other things beyond liking content. I think you call it Reactions; I call it adding more words to the Facebook graph. Can you talk about the rollout of this capability and whether this is something that you only see at Facebook.com or whether it’s going to be widespread across the web and other sites, much like the like button? And secondly, can you talk about thinking of the role of the different Facebook platforms in payments? I think that you will not do, because you don’t have or do not want to acquire [indiscernible] assets and what’s the boundary for what you could do vis-à-vis payments? Thank you.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. So Reactions is going to rollout on every platform. We’re testing it in a handful of countries to start just to make sure that we have the UI and interaction simple enough that people could express more of what they wanted without getting in their way, it is adding a little bit of complexity to something that is very simple, say just a one tap like button. But the philosophy behind it is that when you only have a like button, if you share a sad piece of content or something that makes you angry, people may not have the tool to react to it. And therefore over time the community feels less comfortable sharing that kind of content on Facebook. And we want people to be able to share all of the things that are meaningful to them not just the things that are happy and that people are going to like when they see it. And we think that that’s just really important to the mission of the company and we’ll increasing engagement and sharing and openness, and all of the things that we care about. And so far I think there are a few tweaks that we needed to make to reaction since initially testing it. But its’ going well and I think we plan to roll it out every where pretty soon, so that’s the game plan there. On payments, the basic strategy that we have is to make it especially in products like Messenger that where the business interaction maybe a bit more transactional, to take all the friction out of making the transactions that you need. So, we don’t view ourselves as a payments business, that’s not the type of company that we are. We’ll partner with everyone who does payment. We look at the stuff that Apple is doing with Apple Pay for example as a really neat innovation in the space that takes a lot of friction out of transactions as well. And our view is that the less friction, the better the user experience, the more people can easily interact with businesses that they care about. And ultimately for our business that will drive up the amount that businesses are willing to pay to advertise to send people into those interactions because they perform well. So it’s good for everyone but that’s how we think about that.