
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Sandler from Deutsche Bank.
Ross Sandler: Thanks, guys. I just had two. First as a follow up on the logistics topic. So, in addition to the cargo planes you just mentioned for in-network moving products around, you guys have registered and received a U.S. Maritime license to operate as a freight forwarder and you recently announced this partnership with the UK for drone delivery that you've been working for a couple years. So I guess at a high level, can you just talk about the overall logistics strategy is evolving from trucks and fulfillment centers to incorporate some of these new methods and how that might impact your unit costs going forward? And then the second question's on AWS. So you continue to put up really strong results. And you guys obviously talk to a lot of customers across lots of different verticals. Just a high level, what percent of enterprise workloads do you think have shifted to the public cloud at this stage? Is it low-single digit to mid-single-digit? And any color there on where we are in terms of penetration in the space. Thank you.
Darin Manney: So thank you, Ross. This is Darin. Let me take that first question on Prime Air in the UK, we've been working with and developing Prime Air for some time to develop a rapid delivery system that is safe, environmentally sound and it really enhances the services that we provide for millions of customers. And we're extremely happy to partner with the UK government to advance the safe use of drones for small parcel delivery. This is providing us with permission to trial new methods in the space, including beyond line-of-sight operation, sense-and-avoid technologies and flights where one person operates multiple drones. So we definitely appreciate the pragmatic and forward-looking approach on this topic with the UK and we're going to continue to work with regulators and policy makers in many countries, including the U.S. So we're excited about there. As for the ocean-going licenses, we have no comment on that today.
Brian T. Olsavsky: As far as AWS, essentially penetration question you asked. We think still very early. Again, we like our position, our industry leading position in the cloud space, and we're working on things that would incent more and more customers to accelerate their cloud conversion. The lower prices and services that we offer, and as I said, we'll work on things that will make it easier and easier for customers to work with us with their hybrid data centers or transfer their volume to us.