
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jennifer Lowe with UBS. Please proceed.
Jennifer Lowe: Great. Thank you. Satya, you mentioned the AT&T deal that was announced, I think earlier this week. IBM also had an announcement with AT&T. Oracle has been a long time partner with AT&T in the cloud as well. I don’t want to dwell on AT&T in particular, but I do think it's interesting that a few different large scale cloud players are around the table there. So as you see more of these very large deals out there and Amy mentioned the increase in $10 million deals. How often are those multi-cloud deals and companies taking that sort of approach versus once that are committing to Microsoft and how do you navigate that landscape?
Satya Nadella: Yes, when I think overall, you all I think do a good job of tracking what is the public cloud competition and that’s the competition we pay most attention to. And in this context I think we see a mix. There a few of us who are at scale in public cloud who are very competitive, and anybody who decides to be multi-cloud, public cloud, those are the winners. When someone thinks that only using one cloud, we're definitely one of the names. And in the case of AT&T we were the only public cloud in there. And so that’s why we highlighted -- they highlighted us and we highlighted that in our quarterly announcement.
Amy Hood: And I will think general what we see, especially as contract gets larger, for us the opportunity under Tier 1 workloads for us to really see TAM growth. It's just expansive. And so, Jennifer, listen, I kind of think about this as we’ve a incredibly strong footprint inside existing enterprises today, that footprint and you can see it in our results. Customers are relying on us for not only that footprint, but as they continue to expand to sit under the Tier 1 opportunity we haven't seen before. And so we, of course, see multi-cloud in a lot of our larger accounts, but this type of significant commitments is an opportunity, I think, you will continue to see us execute well on.
Jennifer Lowe: Great. Thank you.
Michael Spencer: Thanks, Jen. Operator, we will take the next question, please.