
Operator: Our next question is from Ben Schachter from Macquarie Group. You're now live.
Ben Schachter: So more on the one-day shipping. Should we expect that to rely mostly on USPS, UPS or other shipping services or you're really going to try to build out more your Amazon owned and operated shipping? And on the numbers, $800 million for the quarter, how should we think about that ramping into the back half of the year? Thanks.
Brian Olsavsky: Yeah. Sure, Ben. I would say, we're going to be using all of the available levers that we have right now, both AMZL and also third-party carriers, and we'll just see how it develops going forward. But we're going to need definitely continued support of our external transportation partners. So outside of the ramp, I would say that the $800 million is what I have for you today. We will see where we stand at the end of the quarter, and I'll give you insight as to what we just saw and what our outlook is for future quarters at that time. I would like to - as I don't want to run out of time here. So I'm going to ask a question for myself about AWS, because I want to get some information to you. Most of the questions I can tell around one-day are topical and important. I do want to highlight the AWS performance in Q1. We're now over $30 billion annualized run rate, 42% FX-neutral growth and $2 billion more of revenue this Q1 versus last Q1. The operating margin has also expanded in that time period by 320 basis points as a result of a lot of the good work on infrastructure and efficiencies that I talked about earlier in the call, because this is against a backdrop of a very large expansion of our tech teams and our sales teams that supports this business. We're continuing to engage with many large customers globally. I'm particularly happy about the Volkswagen alliance that we've joined up with them to power their Volkswagen Industrial Cloud. That's going to integrate more than 30,000 facilities and 1,500 suppliers and partners in Volkswagen's global supply chain over time. We have deals going with Ford on powering the cars of the future, Lyft, Gogo, a lot of really good customer wins in the quarter. And I think just more broadly, we're seeing continued momentum in enterprise migrations to AWS, and people are moving their workloads to AWS at a faster pace. Usage growth continues to be higher than revenue growth rates.