
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Moerdler from Bernstein Research.
Mark L. Moerdler: Thank you, nice quarter. I want to drill in, in terms of the move to the cloud. This quarter the year-over-year server product and services revenue growth was slower than it was in the past quarters. How much of that is because you're seeing now some revenue shift to Azure, or is it not yet seeing any revenue shift going? And then I have a follow-up question.
Amy Hood: Why don't I take that one, and we'll see what Mark's follow-up is? At 9% growth and continuing to take share, I feel like our performance in this continues to be a positive outlier to the peer group. And for me, that type of performance in double digits for the year, I still feel quite good about. In general, what's interesting I think is you're getting to the crux of it is do we have incremental workloads that are unique to the cloud. We continue to see that. The very best example, frankly, as Satya mentioned in his comments, which is our EMS performance, Enterprise Mobility Suite offerings. It's taking something that's very unique, builds off of our core in the server business, and allows us to both grow and add new perspective there. So I don't think of it as reflecting a bigger shift than we've seen in particular this quarter. Also, if you'll remember, a year ago we had a very big base of expirations in Q4 and had very strong performance a year ago. So I don't look at it as a direct trend line.
Satya Nadella: The only thing I'll add is when I look at the total growth of Azure, the growth that's coming now from some of the premium services, these are businesses that we actually did not ever participate on premise at all. Even EMS, when I think about our management, our management was just about Windows management. But we now have management data protection and identity systems that cross all devices in the enterprise, including the Internet of Things, and that makes it pretty exciting. And that growth is great to see. Same thing on server management, we have a new suite called the Operations Management Suite, which also spans all the cloud units as well as on-premise units. Cortana Analytics, we never participated in any of the advanced analytics workloads at all in spite of all the success we had in the database business. So I'm excited about built new workloads that in many cases are born in the cloud workloads where we are expanding our market opportunity and continuing to outperform our peers and grab share when it comes to on-premise.
Mark L. Moerdler: That's very helpful. Switching gears a bit, on Windows, obviously you're seeing some amount of delay due to Windows 10 on the OEM side. Can you give maybe a little more higher color in terms of how you're thinking about that, how big a delay is it, how much we could see that starting to be replaced next quarter and beyond?
Satya Nadella: I'll take that and, Amy, you can add to it. The way the Windows ecosystem works is there are phases to it. And in fact, if anything, this release of Windows 10, just the way we have built it with the Insider program, everything is of course speeding up because in some sense we've taken a very different approach with this Windows-as-a-service even when it comes to OEM relations and how they're able to co-create the products with us. But that said, there are three distinct phases. The first phase is what I will describe as the upgrade phase. That's what starts in a week's time, and that is a more retail execution and upgrade. Then come the fall, you will see the devices from all the OEMs going into the holiday quarter. And then the enterprise upgrades; in fact, we have a release of enterprise features, which I mentioned in my script, which will ship in that timeframe. And I expect piloting to start and deployments to start in the second half of the fiscal year. So that's how I would think about the OEM as well as enterprise adoption. So my bullishness for Windows 10 is more in the second half of the fiscal year, and of course it will build. It will build starting in a week's time in retail and in the upgrades, but I see this in three phases.
Amy Hood: And to your specific question, Mark, before every launch we tend to have a tightening in the channel as they prepare and run reasonably lean. This is a healthy state. It's within the range of normal. So I don't think of it as a delay in the way you're talking about it. It is pretty standard in fact, as Satya talked about, in terms of the dynamic. And he mentioned we are feeling I think a lot of excitement from the ecosystem about what's possible with some of the new devices that will come. And so I don't really think of it in that way. I think about it as an encouragement that they want to fill the channel as quickly as they can over the coming quarters with new machines.
Mark L. Moerdler: Thank you, I appreciate it.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Mark. We'll take the next question, please.