
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Schachter from Macquarie.
Ben Schachter: Mark in 1Q, you mentioned specifically that GDPR had an impact on the business. I was just wondering if you can give an update on that? And then longer term on Facebook, you focused a few times now on buying and selling goods there. Just wondering if you can comment on how you think of services versus goods for example monetizing recommending a house painter versus selling a widget. And also can you talk about the timing of how marketplace might evolve? Thanks.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes, I don’t know, Dave if you want to talk about the GDPR impact. And then I can end.
Dave Wehner: Yes, Ben. So, just in terms of GDPR I kind of address that earlier, we do see that having an impact in Europe that we did see a reacceleration in growth in Europe, as we have lapped the initial implementation of GDPR. So that’s promising, but we continue to see Europe growing just a bit slower than the rest of the regions. But overall, not a whole lot of additional color to provide there.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes. And in Marketplace, we definitely are going to focus on some of the areas that you talked about including jobs is already a pretty meaningful focus where a lot of people do find jobs and business is less jobs through Facebook. I don’t want to, I don’t know what our last public status here. So I’m not going to attempt to site something but it’s meaningful. And the business model around this is probably not going to be charging for listings but advertising. And in order to promote things both in and what we’re doing on Instagram with shopping and in Facebook Marketplace and in the general approach to payments is providing as affordably as possible to improve the user experience and complete transactions which will of course make the tools more valuable for businesses overall and should make the ad prices go up. And that should be the primary thing that we’re focused on. Someone just handed me a piece of paper, which says that we have helped a million people find jobs. So there is the stat.