
Operator: Our next question comes from Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan.
Douglas T. Anmuth: Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to ask the most frequent investor question and concern that we get is when will Amazon flip back to its heavier spending and investment ways from 2014 and earlier? So I just wanted to ask, is that a legitimate question do you think or are you now at a point of scale and market share and maturity that you can sustainably manage the heavy investment while still delivering material profit? Thanks.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Yeah, thanks, Doug. Well, I will point out that this quarter showed a lot of innovation, a lot of new products and features and a lot of investment. We've already talked about India but domestically we are, globally, we are investing very heavily in our Prime platform, both in North America and International and that includes video content and original content, Prime Music. Phil just said the Prime Now has been expanded to 14 metro areas. We've had same-day delivery now in 16 metro areas. We've built 14 new fulfillment centers. We've launched multiple devices including e-readers, tablets that are priced under $50, Echo, Dash Button. So there is a lot of investment going on and there will be continued, especially related to Prime. And on the AWS side, as I said, we have 530 new features so far this year. So innovation and investment will continue and can be lumpy. I hate to use that word again, but could be lumpy over time. The other dynamic in our company though is definitely working on cost reductions and efficiency. And I think you see a lot of that in this quarter's P&L and in our capital efficiency, both in the warehouse world and also in infrastructure. So we will continue to work on costs. The good thing about 30% revenue growth is it gives you a lot more cost to work on as well. So I would say it's not as much of pendulum as maybe it's been portrayed. It's more of a constant. The investment will, it sometimes ebbs and flows, but the cost reductions will be a constant presence and the increase in customer experience and shortening the time to delivery and making the customer experience better.