
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski: Hi, thank you very much. Just in terms of your March quarter guidance, it does imply a double-digit decline at the midpoint. Maybe if you can just clarify, first of all, what FX headwind is embedded in that? And then just going to the fundamental underpinning reasons for that, how much of it do you think has to do with international markets in terms of weakening demand and how much of that do you think is comps versus any other factors you might identify, such as a response to higher prices for the iPhone in certain overseas markets?
Luca Maestri: Thank you, Simona. Let me take this one. In constant currency, when you look at it for the March quarter, revenue would be down between 5% and 10%. So, we are looking at a 400 basis point impact from foreign exchange for the March quarter. You talked about a number of issues that are, in fact, included in this guidance. In addition to lapping, of course, a very strong year ago quarter -- just remind you that revenue growth a year ago was up 27%, there's a number of things that we're facing. The macroeconomic environment is weakening. When you think about all the -- particularly all the commodity-driven economies, Brazil and Russia and emerging markets, but also Canada, Australia in developed markets, clearly the economy is significantly weaker than a year ago. We talked about the unfavorable FX, which again is 400 basis points. One of the things that we've done to respond to the foreign exchange situation has been to increase the price of some of our products in certain international markets. That has had the effect of protecting our margins, which you've seen have been very strong, both in the December quarter and in the guidance that we provide for the March quarter. But inevitably over time, higher prices affect demand and so we're capturing that in our guidance. So, I would say these are the major reasons and the drivers for the guidance on revenue.
Simona Jankowski: Thank you.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Simona. Could we have the next question please?