
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Douglas T. Anmuth: Thanks for taking the question. Wanted to ask two, if I could. First, 3Q is typically a heavy fulfillment center build out period ahead of the holidays, and then lower utilization, but obviously your profit outlook is good. Can you just give us a sense of how you're thinking about FC build out and square footage increases this year? And then, secondly a lot of excitement around the pharmacy opportunity with the acquisition of PillPack. Can you frame some of the strategic rationale there around the acquisition, and how that helps advance your efforts, and how we should think about integration going forward? Thanks.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure. On the fulfillment center capacity, I don't have a number for you, today. I'll probably clarify that at the end of next quarter as we head into holiday, but if you think back, the last two years, we've added square footage that's exceeded 30% growth, both in 2016 and 2017. We anticipate it's going to be lower this year as we get some efficiencies off what we've built over the last few years, but I don't have a number for you today. I will say that, the majority of it is being put in service in the back-end of the year, just like in the last two years. But I'll – we'll clarify that next quarter. On PillPack, yes, the deal of course hasn't closed, yet. We expect to close it in the second half of the year, so I'll limit my comments right now. But we're excited. I think the company has a really highly differentiated customer experience, and they've done a great job getting to the size and scale that they're at today. We think that, working together with them we can expand on that in the future. They're like a lot of the other acquisitions we've done. Recently, we're looking for well-run companies with highly-differentiated customer experience, and a real sense of customer obsession that matches ours. So we think PillPack has got all those traits, and we look forward to the deal closing and working with them.