
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley from Deutsche Bank.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thank you. Two questions, if I can. First, just, Mark, your comments in prepared remarks on Stories having potential to be a bigger medium than News Feed suggests that the engagement is a net positive in terms of time spent or sessions per user. Is that the right way to interpret that as you see people engage in this they actually spend more time overall? And then, second question for Dave. Last quarter, you guided to kind of long-term operating margins in the mid-30s range. The guidance on OpEx for next year kind of implies we may already be there. Is that the right interpretation and should we expect it to be kind of stable beyond that based on some of the comments from Mark about recognizing that revenue and costs should be matched over the long-term? Any help you could give there would be great.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: So on Stories, I don't know if we've given any metrics on time spent or anything on that side. But what I can say is that all of the trends that we've seen suggests that in the not too distant future people will be sharing more into Stories than they will into feeds, and that the whole market across all of the Stories type of products will be bigger in a market where people are sharing more moments from their days into Stories-type products than into feed-type products. And this happened very quickly, right? I mean this whole trend is much newer than the trend with News Feed and feeds overall and it continues to grow incredibly quickly. So we just see that there is a lot of upside there. Now, on the flip side, I try to be very careful in my remarks to be clear that this is one of those situations where the community growth that we're seeing is outpacing the progress that we've made so far on developing the ads in that space. And I think we'll get there over time, where the performance for Stories ads will converge with what we have seen in feed. And I think that the opportunity will be bigger because there will be more in Stories – or more Stories overall than in feed. But I can't tell you just yet what that timeframe is going to look like, but I think we're well-positioned over the long-term because we're leading in Stories in basically every country.
David M. Wehner: And, Lloyd, on the margin question, as I mentioned, 2019 will be a big investment year. So I would expect us to have the biggest change in our margin structure to happen in 2019 and for it to moderate from there. It's hard to be too prescriptive about 2020 and beyond, but I think the biggest change will be 2019.