
Operator: At this time, we will open up the call for questions. We ask each caller please limit yourself to one question. Thank you. Our first question comes from line of Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Heath Terry: Great. Thank you. I was just wondering if you could give us a sense on the investments that are planned in Q3. Previously, you've been willing to provide sort of some qualitative guidance around how you're rank ordering those or in terms of the ones that are the largest areas of investment in the quarter. I'm just wondering if you could update us on that given the guidance for Q3 and what we saw in investment in Q2.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure. Let me see what I can tell you on that. First of all, I want to remind you that Q3 is typically a lower operating income quarter as we're preparing for the Q4 holiday peak. The other dynamic is that, similar to last year, a large percentage of our new fulfillment centers are coming online in the second half of the year, a lot of them in Q3. So, to give that some perspective, the Amazon-fulfilled network, or the combination of retail and FBA shipments coming out of our warehouses has been nearly 40%. It was that last year, and it's continued through this year. Last year we added 30% additional square footage to handle that additional shipping volume, and about 80% of that went into service in the back end of last year. And that's what I mentioned about this time last year. The similar dynamic this year, we are going to have about 80% of our increase in square footage for fulfillment and shipping coming online in the back end of the year, so that's a major increase. The other comment I would make is on the video content. Video content last year, I highlighted the fact that it was going to be a significant step up between second half of 2016 and the second half of 2015. We are still – we lapped that most of the first half this year and we'll also be increasing video spend on a sequential and year-over-year basis in Q3, and that's included in this guidance. Other than that, can't give much more specifics except to say that the large investment areas remain the increasing fulfillment capacity to service the strong growth of the FBA business. I will also point out that the strong usage growth in AWS has led us to a step up in infrastructure in capital leases to build the capital leases in the trailing 12 months. They've increased 71% through the end of Q2 versus last year. That is servicing – accelerating usage in our largest AWS services as well as geographic expansion. So that's additional factor sequentially in the quarter year-over-year.