
Operator: We’ll go to Shannon Cross with Cross Research.
Shannon Cross: Tim, can you talk a bit about what you’re seeing in China with 70% year over year growth in the Greater China revenue, and clearly very strong iPhone. If you can talk a bit about what consumers are saying, what the carriers are saying, in terms of demand and opportunity. Just any color, because clearly it’s quite strong.
Tim Cook: Yeah, it was an incredible quarter. We were up 71% year over year. We set a record in China for revenues. We did that now in a quarter that included Chinese New Year, and so we have the help of a strong holiday season, much like the U.S. has a strong season in December. China’s is obviously in the March quarter. iPhone led the way. It was up over 70% year on year. And the current estimates from Kantar are that that would mean that we would gain more than 9 points of share on a year over year basis. And so by everything I can see, we did extremely well. The Mac also had an unbelievable quarter in China, and I’m particularly very happy with this, that Mac unit sales were up 31%. And like the rest of the world, or most of the rest of the world, IDC is projecting that PC sales in China contracted by 5% last quarter. And so once again bucking the tide. Also, in China, consistent with the company but at a much different rate, the App Store had a record quarter and grew over 100% year over year. And so you can see the iPhone, the Mac, and the App Store adding, and with the iPad in PRC, not in Greater China, but in the PRC, iPad had its best quarter ever, higher than all the others, and also grew in a market that contracted for the overall market. And so really and truly, it’s sort of everything you look at in China was extremely good. We have been working significantly on expanding our ecosystem there, and so we added Union Pay as a payment option for customers. We increased the iPhone point of sales to over 40,000 during the quarter. That’s up about 9% year on year. And more importantly than the total number, we are in many more cities than we were before. We worked significantly on our online store. Our online store revenue was up over three times year over year. As you probably heard us say before, we’ve opened several stores in China recently. We’re now at 21 in Greater China and we’re on track still to achieve 40 stores by the middle of next year. The online store will also be expanding from around 319 cities to where they can hit two day delivery to 365 cities. So adding about 50 new cities by the end of this quarter. And so the net is we’re investing a lot across the board in our infrastructure, in our products, on partnering with different companies. The Chinese developers are coming on in significant numbers. We’ve now made payments to developers in Greater China of almost $5 billion over half of which was in the last 12 months. And so you can see this enormous momentum building in the developer community there as well. And so lots of positive things, and you know, as you probably heard me say before, I’ve never seen as many people coming into the middle class as they are in China. And that’s where the bulk of our sales are going. And so we’re really proud of the results there and continue to invest in the country.
Shannon Cross: And just sort of a follow up on the iPad side. What do you think it’s going to take to reaccelerate iPads? The sellthrough was better than the sell in this quarter, but are we seeing cannibalization from the iPhone 6 plus and how are you sort of thinking about the IBM partnership as it relates to iPad?
Tim Cook: Number one, we have to stop having the situations where we sell through more than we sell in, where we don’t have to have an inventory correction. That was over a million units. Two, have we had cannibalization? The answer is yes. We’re clearly seeing cannibalization from iPhone and on the other side, from the Mac. And of course, as I’ve said before, we’ve never worried about that. It is what it is. That will play out, and at some point, it will stabilize. I’m not sure precisely when, but I’m pretty confident that it will. The IBM partnership, I think, is in its early stages in terms of bearing fruit here, but everything I see I like on it. I’m a big believer in the ability for iPad to play in a major way in enterprise. And so I’m looking forward to seeing that play out as we move forward. If you look at the underlying data, it makes you feel a lot better than the sales do. And so things like first time buyer rates, the latest numbers from the U.S. are somewhere around 40%. And if you look at China, they’re almost 70%. And so these numbers are not numbers that you would get if the market were saturated. And so I continue to believe, even though I’ve seen people write that, that I think that theory is not correct, and do not see that. We also see usage numbers that are off the charts, so far above competition it’s not even in the same planet. And we see customer satisfaction at or near 100%. And so these kind of numbers, along with intent to buy numbers, everything looks fantastic, the ecommerce numbers. And so my belief is that as the inventory plays out, as we make some continued investments in our product pipeline, which we’re doing, that we already have planned and have had planned for some time, between that, the inventory playing out, the enterprise starting to take over, I think still I believe the iPad is an extremely good business over the long term. When precisely it begins to grow again I wouldn’t want to predict, but I strongly believe that it will.