
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Daryanani from RBC Capital Markets.
Amit Daryanani: I have two questions as well. I guess first one. Could you just touch on what you’re seeing in China in terms of underlying trends, right now? I think growth was up double-digit year-over-year but essentially in line to what you saw in September. I would have thought that would have accelerated a little bit with iPhone X. Just the puts and takes in China will be great.
Tim Cook: It’s a good question. Keep in mind that this year had 13 weeks, last year had 14 weeks. And so even though we were reporting a similar year-over-year growth for Greater China, if you change that reporting to an average weekly sales, which probably is much better way to look at it, there was actually a really nice acceleration. And specifically the numbers this quarter as reported are 11% increase for Greater China year-over-year but on an average weekly revenue basis, we were up 19%. Also Mainland China, we had an all-time record for revenue in Mainland China. And of course a key part of that was iPhone. And as I’ve mentioned before, Kantar reported that the top five selling smartphones in urban China were all iPhones. And so we could not be more pleased with how we're doing. And if you look at the other -- we obviously grew share for iPhone in the quarter, but we also grew share in iPad and Mac during the quarter and wearables were extremely strong there in the quarter. And so everywhere I look, I feel really good about how we're doing in China.
Amit Daryanani: Luca, maybe a question for you. When you talked about reducing Apple's net cash levels to zero effectively over time, I think that implies -- the number goes from $163 billion today to something like zero. What does over time mean for Apple? Is that one year, three years, 10 years, or how do you define over time? And does this change your thoughts around M&A at all, and is that one reason to get that number from $163 billion to zero. Does it change your M&A thought process?
Luca Maestri: Let me answer, Amit, starting with M&A. Our thought process around M&A has always been the same, and really doesn't change. We've been acquiring companies over the years. In calendar 2017, we've acquired 19 companies. And the thought process is always to acquire something that allows us to either accelerate our product roadmaps, filling gap in our portfolio, providing a new experience to customers. So it's always with the customer experience in mind that we make acquisitions. We look at all sizes, and we will continue to do so. We have plenty of financial flexibility, of course. We had that even prior to tax reform. And as I said, we will talk about capital allocation plans when we report at the March quarter and that will include talking about timeframes and pace and so on. And so we’ll try to be to be very thoughtful. As we said, $163 billion is a large amount and there are even practical considerations around it. So we'll see.
Tim Cook: And just for clarity, let me add one thing. What Luca is saying is not cash equals zero. He's saying there's an equal amount cash and debt, and that they balance to zero. Just for clarity.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Amit. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcasts, as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone. And the numbers for the telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820, and please enter confirmation code 4783460. These replays will be available by approximately 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time today. Members of the press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414, and financial analysts can contact Matt Blake or me with additional questions. Matt is at 408-974-7406, and I'm at 408-974-5420. And thanks again for joining us.