
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Raimo Lenschow: Thank you, two questions on the Office side. First of all, you're obviously reaching very large numbers in terms of the numbers of seats that you have. Can you talk a little bit about what's the seat growth? Because both for Consumer and for Commercial, it seemed to be coming down. Is that the law of large numbers coming in, or is there anything else? And in the Consumer Office, the Consumer Office performance was very, very strong, and that almost needs to be stronger from transactions because otherwise I don't get to the numbers. Can you talk a little bit about the source of the strength there? Thank you.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks, Raimo. Let me start with the Office Consumer question. We haven't had a chance to touch on that. And then we'll talk about Commercial seat growth. You're right, the Office Consumer growth still has quite a bit of transactional business to it, even though we have moved, and you saw that growth, the subscriber base, materially. The growth in quarter versus our expectations was really two things that are transactionally focused. One, the PC market was a little bit better than we thought. And particularly in developed markets, the PC growth was better than we thought. And developed markets are where we see the most transactional business with Consumer Office that impacts in quarter. So the strength from that outperformance or better market in consumer PCs in developed markets is a direct correlation to our performance in Office Consumer. And so that's how to think about that big delta. The other thing was Japan was a little better. And when Japan is better, it's why you also see the interesting relationship in constant currency. We have a lot of yen exposure in that segment, so the Japan performance being better also helped. And that is a purely – it's more transactional than even our rest-of-world business. So you're right, Raimo, in terms of what impacted that number in quarter versus the underlying market dynamic. On commercial seats, listen, we're very proud of that big number, growth number. But you're right, we're also getting a very big base. And so while we feel great about continuing to add seats at that type of rate, converting and adding net new into our install base, you will see that growth rate come down just because the business is getting quite big.
Raimo Lenschow: Very clear, thank you.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Raimo. We'll take the next question, please.