
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities. Please proceed.
Brendan Barnicle: Thanks so much. Amy, when we first started talking about Office 365, I think at that time, you were suggesting that the move from an Office CAL to an Office 365 license would increase gross profit by about 50%. Now that you had a couple of quarters with Office 365, do you think those changes to the model still make sense and more importantly, are there may be other changes that you're seeing that are more accurate?
Amy Hood: Thanks for the question. In general, I think we're still on the early ends of seeing the opportunity that we have in that segment. As you pointed out, there is a couple components that make gross profit dollars per seat or the life time value of a customer depending on the terms you want to use improve and increase over the life cycle. The very first thing and I think Satya even mentioned it in its most direct in SMB is moving from buying a copy of Office, which was a very static concept to the idea where you could buy Office and frankly get all the benefits that those who used to deploy servers used to get only with IT departments of their own. So as you move Office, it’s simply the first step. So, even though obviously it comes at a little lower gross margin percentage, our ability to add workloads, add premium services and to increase our overall footprint inside a customer is really where the life time value goes up. And frankly over time and watching, I think both the creativity and the pace of innovation we’ve seen coming out of our engineering teams particularly in Azure and Office 365 and our CRM team online, I actually even have more confidence in our ability to attach and grow that gross profit over time. We mentioned simply one that didn’t exist I think Brendan when we first started having this conversation, which was our EMS suite and I look and say, those opportunities as well as the creativity of our people I think gives me more confidence if not less in the structural integrity of the lifetime value of a customer argument.
Brendan Barnicle: Great. Thank you so much.
Chris Suh: Thanks. Operator, we will have time for one last question please.