
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak: I have two. First one, in the press release, you talked about the strength of the Prime member growth in 2017. Could you talk a little bit about to the -- what you're seeing in growth in Prime subscribers in the United States at this point? And are you still seeing a similar tick up in consumer spending as they come into Prime as you have in the past? And the second one , Brian, to go back to an earlier question on areas of investment this year, you didn't talk a whole lot about kind of new categories to expand into beyond the old retail business. I'd be curious to hear about your investment needed to go into logistics, health care and kind of new areas you haven't really cracked into as hard yet.
Dave Fildes: Yes, this is Dave, thanks for the answer the question, Brian. Just on the first piece, in terms of just Prime membership and Prime behavior, we continue to see that we're seeing sign-ups from memberships at a strong clip. When we look at the year-over-year growth in paid Prime members on a global basis, it's been consistent in Q4 year-over-year, similar growth rates year-over-year to what we've seen in some of the earlier quarters of this year. So that's, of course, a mix of strength in the U.S. and also strength in some of the newer markets that we've launched or introduced the Prime program in. We continue to see that as Prime members sign up and engage into the program, their purchasing patterns of change and they do spend more as they move into the program. And of course, our focus is -- continues to be on adding some of the features around Prime that Brian's been talking about, but also importantly, making sure we're adding more selection to the offering through our own efforts, first party, but also programs like Fulfillment by Amazon, which continues to be a fast grower for us.
Brian Olsavsky: Yes, and on new businesses or expansion of categories, as you discussed, I would not talk to anything that's not been publicly announced, but on some of the ones you mentioned, they are underway and are continuing. I've said logistics, we will continue to build our logistics capability both -- and that will be all the way to end delivery. We've been able to increase service levels in many cases by delivering ourselves. And although we have a strong partner network here, we will always be able to leverage our strength and our knowledge about where shipments are going, both within our network and to final customers that will create opportunities for us there as we increase or better the customer experience as well. I would say on the category side, that the biggest effort will be on continuing to be on groceries and consumables with the Whole Foods acquisition and again, we continue to look at our whole offering of AmazonFresh, Prime Now, Whole Foods, how can they work together to create better and better offerings for our customer base. And to a lesser extent, versus grocery, I would say we continue to build our business, B2B businesses, and very happy with the initial performance there with a number of the companies and universities that we've been working with and their initial results.