
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays. Please proceed.
Raimo Lenschow: Hey, thanks and congrats from me as well. I wanted to zone in on Dynamics. There, you obviously like, you’re playing in applications and we've seen other vendors kind of do SaaS applications. If you look at Dynamics Online, you now on my math kind of around $2 billion, but still growing at a clip that organically, not many others have achieved. It's now bigger than your on-premise business. Can you talk a little bit about the drivers there? And is there -- what are the ways to kind of keep in -- how did you achieve that over this scale and what are the drivers going forward? Thank you.
Satya Nadella: Yes, we’re very, very excited about the progress again in the last fiscal year around Dynamics 365. Both the traditional business process applications themselves have become much more modular and a much more modern and we’ve a very disruptive business model as well that goes with it. And so, therefore, we’re becoming much more competitive with very large customers deploying whether it's sales or operations. The other exciting thing is we’ve this entire new class of applications and I talked about this even into this week's conference, which is these AI-first modules, whether it's for sales, for marketing, for customer service or this Customer 360. And these are modules that there isn't an installed base of those anywhere, no competition even exist. So in other words, we can in fact have these modules get deployed in commercial customers even on top of existing business applications. And so we feel that we’ve plenty of opportunity ahead. Again, this is a place where we’re a very low share player. And so the fact that we will become a very competitive supplier of this technology at a time where the world needs more business process automation, we feel good about the opportunity ahead.
Raimo Lenschow: All right. Thank you.
Michael Spencer: Thanks, Raimo. Operator, we will take our last question now, please.