
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. Thank you guys and very nice quarter. First, a question for Amy. Given these nice gross margin improvements across the board, but did some one-time items. So, I was hoping you could help us understand where you’re seeing sort of underlying gross margin improvements, particularly if we look at sort of any improvements that you saw in the phone gross margins as well as the big improvement we saw in the cloud gross margins, how much of that should we look at as durable on a going forward basis?
Amy Hood: Thanks Keith. Let me start with the cloud and then I’ll move to your phone question. Overall in the commercial business, I think we continue to see gross margin improvement and that is sustainable improvement as opposed to I think what you characterized as some non-recurring things that I have mentioned. It continues to be improvements in scale, improvements in our infrastructure, improvements in utilization, really strong work across all of our engineering teams here. And so I think our year-over-year improvement as well as sequential improvement and our ability in the overall commercial business, you see the gross margins we did has the mix shift to the cloud, I think we’re all quite proud of. Onto the phone business where I did call out non-recurring items due to the business integration expense. I don’t -- easier way frankly to think about that Keith is our Q4 gross margin and our Q1 gross margin. Q4 was a little depressed is how as we think about it due to some of the restructuring; Q1 is a little bit higher. A more blended rate of those two is probably a better way to think about a go-forward margin. Although when you’re transitioning any business and all the hard work that we’re doing here to prepare ourselves going forward, I do expect to see some volatility in that number.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. That’s very helpful. Thanks very much.
Satya Nadella: Just to add one thing that I’d say is sort of -- to Mark’s question, which is in particular on Azure, we have some commodity workloads but we also have many differentiated higher margin workloads especially in the Enterprise Mobility Suite is what I’d call out is a good example of an infrastructure workload completely in the cloud that has got a very different margin structure. And those are the things that really give us the ability to have good margin structure for our cloud efforts.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. That’s great. Thank you very much guys.
Chris Suh: Thank you Keith. Next question please?