
Operator: That will come from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much. First, Nancy, just want to send you our best wishes. We will definitely miss you. I'm sure, I agree with Luca, you've been very instrumental over the years.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you.
Shannon Cross: My questions though with regard to China, and I don't know, Tim, if you can talk more about what you're seeing in China, the trends during the quarter, the reception specifically there to the iPhone, any thoughts on - you know, Hong Kong used to be a big market, there is obviously some turmoil there. So if you could provide some more in China that would be helpful? Thank you.
Tim Cook: Yes, we had a very good September, Shannon, and the lead of that is sort of the reception of iPhone 11 and 11 Pro and 11 Pro Max, and so we feel really good about how we've gotten started there. As you can tell from the numbers, we've significantly improved since the beginning of the year. We've gone from minus well into the 20s to minus two last quarter.And if you looked at that in constant currency, we actually grew one. And so there is a very slight growth there. We obviously want that to be better. But we feel good about how we're doing.I think it's a combination of things that are - that have turned things around. On a macro basis, I think the trade tension is less and that clearly looks positive right now with the comments that we've been reading in the press.Secondly, the products have been extremely well received there. Third, the things that we've done from a pricing and monthly payments point of view and trade-in, getting the trade-in program up and running, all of these things have had moved the dial. And so it's sort of the sum of all of that.I would also say, it's not all about iPhone in China, the services area grew double digit. We began to see more gaming approvals in the quarter, or I should say some key gaming approvals.It's not all about quantity, but about which ones, we saw that. Also Wearables, Wearables are doing so great at a company level. They're doing even better in China. And so lots of positives there.
Shannon Cross: Thank you. And then, I'm curious, Luca, maybe you can talk a bit about how you think about operating expense growth. It continues to grow significantly faster than revenue. So I am just curious as to where you're targeting the incremental spend? And then, is there a point at which we might just see some leverage? Thank you.
Luca Maestri: Well, you know, Shannon, we've gone through different cycles. In some cases, our revenue growth exceeds our OpEx growth. In other cases, like fiscal '19, it was the other way around. But our approach frankly is not changing over time. We want to invest in the business.Our primary investments during the last few years have been in the R&D space, because obviously we want to continue to innovate, improve the user experience differentiate our products.We continue to run SG&A tightly. Obviously, if you look at what we had launched in the last few quarters and few years, we launched a lot of new products, and now we are launching a lot of new services.And when we do that we need to make the adequate investments in marketing and advertising to raise the awareness of the new products and new services and that is what you're seeing for example in the guidance that we provided for the first quarter as we’re launching new services right now, and so we're making investments both in engineering and in advertising to support the new launches.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Shannon. Could we have the next question please?