
Operator: Mike Olson from Piper Jaffray has our next question.
Mike Olson: I know you don't talk about future products, which is often presses to questions about future products and I'll give it a shot. When you think conceptually about the path for iPhone X Style devices going forward. Is there any reason the roadmap wouldn’t consists of multiple devices as we’ve seen with past iPhone upgrades? In other words, the 10 was unique amongst recent iPhone launches, because it's a singular device, potentially limiting the shots on go for upgrades given limited options. How do you think about that, going forward? And then I have a follow up.
TimCook: Mike, you did a good job of answering your question. I think at the beginning, we don’t really comment on future products. But I would tell you that we’re thrilled with the reception of iPhone X. And as we said when we launched it, we were setting up the next decade. And that is how we look at it. And so that's the reason it's chockfull of incredible innovation. And so you can bet that we're pulling that string.
Mike Olson: And then how you're think about AR beyond iPhone? You've created the world's largest AR platform. You've got developers generating a wide variety of apps. I realized it's still early days. But do you see Apple as a provider of a larger ecosystem of AR-enabled device beyond iPhone and iPad in the coming years? Or should investors focus on the opportunity within your existing device portfolio for at least the foreseeable future? Thanks.
TimCook: I see AR as being profound. I think, AR has the ability to amplify human performance instead of isolating humans. And so I am a huge, huge believer in AR. We put a lot of energy on AR removing very fast. We've gone from ARkit 1.0 to 1.5 in just a matter of months. I couldn't be happier with the rate and face of the developer community, how faster developing these things. And I don’t want to say what we may do. But I could not be happier with how things are going right now.