
Operator: Thank you. We’ll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Brent Thill with UBS. Please proceed.
Brent Thill: Good afternoon. You had great momentum in the cloud. I was curious if you could just talk about the positioning in both in on trend and cloud environments? And also weave in what you’re seeing with Azure.
Satya Nadella: Sure, Brent. Thanks for the question. Overall when I think about the Microsoft cloud it’s really the combination of Office 365 dynamics as well as Azure. We think about our capital allocation that way, we think about our utilization product architecture and customer value and how uniquely we can bring these three assets together to serve our customers well. And that’s the momentum you see and I talked about the run rate, the usage metrics and there’s really increasing intensity of usage amongst organizational customers in our commercial cloud. One of the other things also is a huge benefit for us is, because our cloud, our public cloud runs on our software assets, our software asset gets packaged up as our servers. In fact, I think of our servers as the edge of our cloud. So the unique capability we now have in Windows Server, SQL Server is becoming that much more competitive. Because we’re running our public cloud in it and that’s what anyone deploying their own private cloud expects to have. And so you see there’s two sides of benefits and two sides for us. One is in our cloud momentum, which itself is the combination of SAS applications, paths , and IADs which I believe is unique in the marketplace as well as with the software itself is packaged up into our private cloud offering be it Windows Server or SQL Server and they’re becoming increasingly competitive in the enterprise and data center additions. And so that’s what you’ve seen in our commercial results, both on the licensing side as well as on the cloud side.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Brett. We’ll move to the next question, please.