
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays. Please proceed.
Raimo Lenschow: Thanks for taking my question, and all the best for you, Chris. I just wanted to double click on the productivity gaze you see in the Cloud especially on Azure. Can you talk a little bit about the [drivers there] [ph]? I know one is that your build-out pattern was different than some of your competitors, so you're kind of filling capacity. But also talk a little bit about what you see in terms of how you are delivering the services in Azure and how that's evolving? Thank you.
Satya Nadella: I mean, overall we did take an approach that we want to make sure we meet the real world needs across the globe. And we'll continue to do so, when we look at our CapEx spend we want to make sure that the data center regions meet the needs of our customers globally across both consumer workloads and enterprise workloads, where real data sovereignty requirements and speed-of-light issues are already relevant. Having said that, the way it fills up is by the value-add that we can do. So that's why the mix of these higher level services especially around data and AI is definitely driving a lot more consumption of our higher level services. And even something like IoT, they're not just at the consumption meters, but they're also got SaaS like qualities to them. So I feel very, very good about ultimately having innovation that drives both the consumption of more higher level services and then also making sure that we are available in all parts of the world, where the demand is going to spread to, because we are in the very, very early innings of essentially this new cloud growth, and there's only going to be increasing demand as there's more digitization of every city, every factory, every hospital and so on. So I think we have a long way to go to still fill up.
Amy Hood: And I would say, the way to think about that and you see it in the gross margin percentages and the improvements we've continued to see is the Azure premium revenue growth exceeding the overall revenue growth that actually is a benefit to the gross margin rate. Then again all the work we have done through the supply chain. So while we have a signal come in, you see a very quick turn from demand signal to us having servers in place and ready to be utilized very quickly. That work continues and the team has done a really nice job. And then as well software improvements, they continue to go on to increase our ability to run more or less. Those taken together continue to show gross margin improvement.
Raimo Lenschow: Thank you.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Reimo. We will go to the next question, please.