
Operator: The next question will come from Walter Piecyk with BTIG.
Walter Piecyk: Great, thanks. I just have a question on the free services. Can you just describe how the math works on that? Is it that the free services are non cash revenue that's getting booked in the Services revenue with no cost and then the costs come out of products? Can you just run us through what the current status versus how you were accounting for that before?
Luca Maestri: Yes in essence when we sell a product at a certain price, we make an assumption. We estimate the value that can be associated to providing free services. In our case, it's providing Maps services, providing Siri and providing free iCloud to all the customers that purchase our product. And so we calculate an estimated value. That value gets deferred and gets amortized over the estimated period of time that we deliver the free services. In the past that deferral and the subsequent amortization was reported under products. Now in connection with the new revenue recognition standard, we are reclassifying essentially that amortization from products revenue to services revenue. So total revenue has not changed, we just report that estimated value under the Services category. We also reclassify the cost that we need to incur to provide those services. So the gross margin rate of these services is clearly significantly dilutive to the overall Services margin. I hope I've...
Walter Piecyk: So it did make services gross margin, got it. And then my other -- my second question is just, when you think about growth in Services, you have selling more to existing paid subscription customers or it's the 300 million going to 0.5 billion. If you can just talk at a high level as far as when you look at growth going forward, is it about -- what is the mix in terms of selling more to existing users, getting new users or -- and maybe some of the individual services that you see the biggest growth opportunity? Thank you.
Luca Maestri: Yes. I mean as I said I mean essentially what -- services -- I said services too is our installed base. So the first driver is growing the installed base. Installed base has grown nicely over the last several years. We've added 100 million in the last 12 months alone. So that's the first step. Then within that installed base, of course we want to make sure that there are more people that are so interested in our services that in addition to transacting on those services on a free basis, they also are interested in paying for those services. And I mentioned that the percentage of paid accounts has increased strong double-digits. So we want to continue to do that. We want to make it easier for our customers to actually use our services and so we are accepting more and more payment methods around the world. And clearly, as you said the idea of adding new services is very important to us. During the last three years, we've added Apple Pay, which has been incredibly successful and is a wonderful customer experience. We've added Apple Music, where we now have more than 50 million paid subscribers and continues to grow very nicely. And we've added a very useful service to our developers. We provide an advertising service for developers in the App Store. The way we've added these services in the past, obviously, we're also very interested in adding new services that can provide great value to our customers in the future. Now we don't want to get into product announcements here, but obviously that is part of our strategy.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you all. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcast, as a webcast on apple.com\/investor and via telephone. And the numbers for the telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 2358120. These replays will be available by approximately 5:00 PM Pacific Time today. Members of the press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414. Financial analysts can contact Matt Blake or me with additional questions. Matt is at 408-974-7406, and I'm at 408-974-5420. And thanks again for joining us.