
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my questions. I have two. The first one, the fourth quarter revenue guide and the fourth quarter revenue deceleration. Maybe can you just help us understand a little bit any of the specific categories or countries that have been the largest contributors to revenue growth throughout the course of this year? And which of those are really slowing down sort of driving this potential deceleration that you're guiding to? Then the second one, you've applied robotics to the warehouses now around Kiva. Curious for your thoughts about the need or desire to invest in autonomous driving technologies to think about some of the other retailers partnering with Waymo and other players, et cetera.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure. Let me talk about guidance. So our guidance for the fourth quarter implies 10% to 20% growth and includes an 80-basis point unfavorable impact from foreign exchange. I wouldn't point to any specific country. Once you adjust for the fact that Whole Foods, it was purchased in August of last year and that has impacted every quarter since then, Q4 will be the first solid non-Whole Foods comp since before we bought them since Q2 of last year. So if you, even factoring that, and we're looking at Q4 and we have very high error bars on the quarter. Much of our, not only our revenue for the quarter, but also for the year comes in that very tight window between middle of November and the end of the year. So it's always a very difficult period for us to estimate. What I would say is that we feel like we're in great shape for the holiday. The warehouses are very clean. We feel like we're going to have great capacity not only for retail products but also for FBA. We're going to have great capacity for shipping to our customers. So we're very ready to go. Selection should be at its highest point, especially for Prime members. So we're very bullish on the fourth quarter. And we'll just have to see how revenue comes in. I will say there's one housekeeping item on Prime revenue recognition that you should be aware of and may remember from prior quarters. This year, we took Prime subscription revenue and amortized it over the quarters on a straight line method. Previously, we had done it on a, is tilted more to Q4. It's based more on shipping units. So what you've seen is a push of revenue and income from Q4 into Q1, 2 and 3 that we've mentioned on each call. This is the quarter where that will reverse. That is to scale it for you. Under the old methodology we would have had $300 million more of both revenue and operating income in the quarter. That has again been caught up for in prior quarters, but again not a huge factor on the growth rate for revenue, but just another item to consider. On the Robotics, I don't have much to say on autonomous driving. We are putting most of our efforts right now, continue to into our Robotics program. We think it's been a great addition to our fulfillment capacity. It makes the jobs in our warehouse that much better. It makes the people around the robots that much more productive. It allows us to have much greater density of product storage and a number of other benefits. It has some additional capital intensity, but it has good return on invested capital from our standpoint.