
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Kathryn Lynn Huberty: Thank you and congrats on the quarter. I'll ask both my questions up front. First, for Tim. You're on track to hit your services revenue target even earlier than planned, so how are you thinking about the next legs of services growth as you move into the next three to five years? And then for you, Luca, NAND prices are falling this year. Services mix is rising. Those should both positively influence gross margins and yet we're seeing gross margin sort of hang out here at 38%. What are the offsetting headwinds and is it possible that we could see the tailwinds start to overpower those headwinds in the next couple of quarters and see gross margins drift higher? Thank you.
Timothy Donald Cook: Yeah, Katy, thanks for your question. This is Tim. On the services side, we're thrilled with the results. They were very broad based. We had double digit services growth in all of the geographic segments and the App Store, AppleCare, Apple Music, cloud services, Apple Pay all set new June quarter records and of course subscriptions have now passed the 300 million, as I'd mentioned before, and so we couldn't be happier with how things are going. In terms of the next leg of this, given the momentum that we're seeing across the board, we feel great about our current services, but obviously we're also thrilled about our pipeline that have some new services in it as well. And so with the combination of these, we feel great about hitting our objectives and maybe even doing a little better.
Luca Maestri: Katy, for margins, let me tell you about the puts and takes for the June quarter, then I'll talk about the guidance for Q4 and make some general observations for the future. Starting with the June quarter, typically we see a decline in gross margin going from the March quarter to the June quarter. Last year, we were down 40 bps. Two years ago we were down 140 bps. This year, we were able to keep GM flat sequentially. During the quarter, we always have some loss of leverage because of our typical seasonality. This year we were able to offset that with some cost improvements and also we had some favorability in foreign exchange on a sequential basis. Unfortunately, as you know, the U.S. dollar has already appreciated again recently, so we do not expect to see that favorability to repeat during the September quarter. So those are the puts and takes for June and we're very happy to see gross margin sequentially flat for June. For September, we're also guiding about flat sequentially at the midpoint. As you know, we typically have what we call product transition costs during the September quarter, and this year we also have about 30 bps of headwind from foreign exchange again because the dollar has appreciated recently. We expect those two factors to be offset by positive leverage, because you've seen the revenue guidance that we provided and the mix to services that you've actually mentioned during your question. So we feel pretty good about also the guidance for the fourth quarter. Looking forward, you know we don't provide guidance beyond the current quarter, but I think we have a pretty good record over the last several years to make good business decisions, balancing units, revenue and margins. As you know, foreign exchange has been a very significant headwind over the last three-plus years, but we've been able to manage that. On the memory front, it is true that prices have started to decline. It has been a significant headwind for the last 12, 18 months and still in the June quarter was a negative. We believe that we're going to start seeing some improvement from here on.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Katy.
Kathryn Lynn Huberty: Thank you for that color.
Nancy Paxton: Can we have the next question please? Can we have the next question please?