
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Karl Keirstead: Hi, thanks. Question for Amy, Amy just thinking through your guide by business segment, everything seems roughly in line for the D&C licensing guide which implies I think a 24% year-over-year decline. And given that that’s a 19% gross margin business, I just want to make sure I understand what’s happening there. And I have two questions. I am wondering if you could help disaggregate how much of that is due to the tough XP related compare versus some other perhaps one-time issues that make for a tough comparison. And then secondly, when in your best judgment do you think that D&C licensing revenue might turn positive? Thank you.
Amy Hood: Great. Karl, thanks for asking that question; it gives me a chance to reiterate how many of those components are bit one-time in nature. The first and the largest issue is the end of the Nokia commercial agreement that’s about $650 million that we earned in Q2 of a year ago that because of the ended the agreement simply goes away. So, I’ll start with that point. The second component relates to the same trend we saw in our IP business that we saw in Q4 then in Q1, we’re doing and seeing again in Q2. So, I would also see that exact same trend line and assessment. The next component which is a change is we have actually launched some of our Office 365 consumer services in Japan, which is a Geo that we had not been in historically. That does result in a revenue to fall, it will end up in unearned. But that’s about $100 million impact that we would not have seen before that. And so, by the time you move all of that out of the comparison group, you really get back to very similar trends in our D&C licensing business that we saw this quarter for what I think was a component to you are focused on which is OEM Pro and OEM non-Pro, which we expect to really resemble the results we saw this quarter and marry -- and to matched up PC business dynamics overall.
Karl Keirstead: Okay. That’s very helpful. And if I could sneak in one more, Amy, the 2.9 billion share repurchase, it feels like an uptick compared to what you’ve done every quarter for the last couple of years. Is this sort of a new level that we can expect from Microsoft maybe just a thought on the pace of the share buyback?
Amy Hood: Thanks for the question. I did -- we are proud of the increase in shareholder return this quarter and importantly we’re focused on how we can continue to do that as a part of our overall long-term shareholder growth.
Karl Keirstead: Okay.
Chris Suh: Great. Thanks Karl and thank you Amy. With that wrapped up the Q&A portion of today’s earnings call. Please note that our second quarter earnings call will be held on Monday January 26, 2015. We look forward to seeing many of you in the coming months at various investor conferences. For those unable to attend in person, these events will be webcast and you can follow our comments at microsoft.com/investor. Please contact just if you need any additional detail. And thank you again for joining us.
Amy Hood: Thanks everyone.
Satya Nadella: Thank you.