
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ralph Schackart from William Blair.
Ralph Edward Schackart: Good afternoon. Mark, in the prepared remarks you talked about Messenger and WhatsApp being on the early innings of monetization, and then you also talked about your desire to move faster on Messenger. Just curious what are the factors driving your willingness to move faster. And then how should we think about that both from a consumer and monetization experience? Thank you.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: On Messenger, there are two basic things that we're doing. One is we're starting to put some ads into the product just to see the basic parameters around how that performs, how people like the ads or don't, how they work for businesses, and just try to get an understanding of that. So we're starting to run that across the world. But as Dave said, even though we're starting to roll that out in a lot of places, the volume starts off pretty small. The biggest strategic thing that we really need to do in messaging right now is make it so that people organically interact with businesses and that that is a good interaction both for people and for the businesses. So here's one way to think about this. If you're a business and you have a higher ROI for interacting with a person in your messaging thread than you do on the mobile web or trying to get them to install an app, then that creates this positive feedback loop, where you're going to point your ads towards the Messenger thread. You're going to invest more of your engineering resources in building out the content and experience on the Messenger thread. So we're currently working on making it so that that is the highest ROI thing. I think we're making progress there. It's not that we're going to crack every market at once, but in sum I think we're definitely getting there. We're getting some positive feedback from the market. But once we start to achieve that in more and more verticals, I think that's going to start unlocking a lot of behavior, and a lot of businesses are going to want to push more interactions to happen there, which I think will really be the foundation for building that into a big business.
David M. Wehner: Ralph, it's Dave. I would just add that with messaging monetization, this is early and it's not a near-term overall Facebook growth driver. And much like Instagram in its early days, we're going to be cautious. But unlike Instagram, this isn't a feed product, so just there are more unknowns here.