
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Rippey from Evercore ISI.
Kevin Rippey: Mark, this is really one for you. You described the new experiences that could be rolling out in the back half of the year. Could you just maybe provide a little more color on that and kind of what you're envisioning? It would be great to hear.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes. I've been talking a lot about how we're trying to build out our private messaging apps into richer, private social platforms. And the idea there is that people want to interact in lots of different ways. And in Facebook and Instagram, you can interact with a lot of people you know or interested in connecting with them in a number of different ways.  But our texting apps today are primarily still texting. So a lot of what we've been trying to do is make it so that we build out the infrastructure, so that way WhatsApp and Messenger and Instagram direct can evolve rather than being just places where you message folks. They can be places where you can hang out and feel more present with people, where you can connect to different groups in different ways, interact with businesses and do payments and commerce.  And when we kicked off this big initiative, a lot of the stuff was long-term infrastructure that we needed to get started building. So we've now been -- we're now a year or so into -- starting to build out a lot of that. So I guess what I'm saying is I just expect some of this to land in this year. Not all of it, some of the stuff is longer term. For example, the work that we're doing on full end-to-end encryption, that's just -- that's a long-term project. We want to make sure we get the safety implications of that right. Already fully rolled out around WhatsApp. We're really committed to making sure that we nail the safety parts of that before fully rolling it out across Messenger and Instagram as well. So some parts of this will not land this year, but I expect a lot of this will start to land this year around this vision of building the private social platform.