
Operator: We'll go to Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein.
Antonio M. Sacconaghi: Yes. Thank you. Just following up a little bit on that question, Tim. You talked a bit about providing a lot of value and that Apple sets its prices according to value. And I think given the uniqueness of the product you have with the iPhone X in particular, that makes a lot of sense. I guess the question is given the uniqueness of the value that you have in the marketplace, why shouldn't we – should we, or why shouldn't we expect gross margins to improve this cycle versus previous ones? And perhaps you can talk a little bit about how you think about pricing in the context of gross margin. And I have a follow-up, please.
Luca Maestri: Toni, I'll take that one. When – you said we price our products for the value that we deliver. We also said that every time we launch new products, the cost structures of the new products tend to be higher than the products that they replace. It's inevitable. We are adding new technologies, new features, and therefore the cost structures go up. We have a very good track record of taking those cost structures and over the life cycle of the product, we are able to bring them down. There are a lot of elements in the gross margin line that we have good control over and there are also elements that we don't control. Take for example foreign exchange, which has been a significant headwind for the company for the last three years now. Also, the mix of products that we sell into the market tends to change over time, and that also has an impact on the overall gross margin for the company. There are situations where the commodities markets are in good shape. There are situations where commodity markets can be a bit out of balance. We have a case right now around memory pricing, which is a headwind for the time being. So there's many puts and takes. The fact that our Services business is growing, it should be a positive because our Services margins tend to be accretive to company margins. So there's many puts and takes. We tend to think about maximizing gross margin dollars because we think that's the most important thing for investors at the end of the day. When we look at our track record over years, I think we've found a good balance between unit grow and gross margins and revenue, and we will continue to do that as we go forward.
Antonio M. Sacconaghi: Okay. Thank you for that. And then I wanted to revisit this notion of supply and demand, and I realize it's very early and you can't make predictions. I think a common investor question is, the iPhone X was made available for sale. It quickly had pushed out availability levels to unprecedented levels versus history. And so I think the really significant question is, is that initial push-out really a function of uniquely strong demand versus history or is that push-out in availability really a function of much weaker supply versus history? So it'd be really helpful. You have in the past commented on first 24-hour orders, for which there were 4 million plus for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. You have very often on this call talked about targeting when you think you could reach supply/demand balance. So it'd be really helpful if you could provide some context in terms of what you know, either about initial orders or about a supplies versus history that can help investors try and better understand the little data points that they're seeing in terms of availability of the device. Thank you.
Timothy D. Cook: The truth is we don't know. We've put our best estimate into the guidance, and you can see from the guidance that we are very bullish. And so, and we feel really great about the product lineup. We just sold the first units minutes ago. And so we'll see how things go. Until you get all of them out there where customers have the ability to demo and support, I think any kind of mix discussion is very much estimating. And so we put our best estimates in, but grantedly, we've never done this before. So there's no comparison here, with either the three iPhones nor the staggered launch. So we're going to learn something.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Toni. Could we have the next question, please?