
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark May from Citi.
Mark A. May: Thanks for taking my questions. Sheryl, in your prepared remarks about a case study, you discussed the benefits of shorter video ads. But I was hoping you could provide an update on the mid-roll Ad Breaks that you've now been testing for a few months and maybe what kind of progress that you're seeing in terms of completion rates. Are you at a point where Ad Breaks can start to roll out more broadly? And then, Dave, you mentioned that a greater focus on video could impact growth in ad impressions. But would you also assume that a greater focus on video ads could also drive improved ad pricing and yield on your available inventory? Thanks.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: On Ad Breaks, we're currently really just testing the ability to put a short Ad Break in uploaded videos. We do it if a video is longer than 90 seconds or live videos are longer than 4 minutes. We're just in the process right now of expanding to more publishers in the United States, so it's really early. In terms of the metrics we're looking for, it's a great question. And obviously, we care that people view the ads, but the most important thing is tying those ads impressions, even if they're short views, all the way through to that same purchase data that we keep talking about. And so as we work on rolling out more Ad Breaks, and we are rolling out slowly, we're really focused on finding ways to help marketers measure the right things, and that's a very important focus for the company going forward.
David M. Wehner: Now, Mark, you were asking about video and its impact on pricing growth. I would probably step back and look at it from an overall system perspective. And so starting with the supply side, there's a variety of factors that will impact impression growth, and I mentioned slower ad growth and then increasing video watch time as being two of them. And given there's an auction that drives the pricing in how we run the business, there's always an interplay between supply growth and pricing growth. And so what we're really focused on is driving better ROI for our advertisers. And Sheryl alluded to it in her earlier commentary about if we get better at converting our impressions into things that are valuable for advertisers and we get more efficient in doing that, we'll be rewarded with better pricing and higher demand at better pricing as a result of that hard work. That doesn't necessarily specifically pertain just to video. It really is across the board. So if we're effective at continuing to do that, then that should benefit pricing growth. And if we can grow demand faster than we grow supply, then we're going to see that play through in price. And that's really the goal of a lot of the hard work that the ads team does to make our products better and more effective for advertisers.