
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays. Please proceed.
Raimo Lenschow: Okay. Thanks for taking my question. Two quick questions. Satya, I wanted to follow up on Phil Winslow’s question earlier on the -- on Azure and the used cases there. In theory you have a huge opportunity given your install base on the server side. Can you talk a little bit about what -- what you're seeing the SMB customer base doing. Are we kind of in it? People trying bursting or where is that huge customer base in terms of adoption on Azure?
Satya Nadella: On Azure itself, one of the other elements that I did not actually talk about in response to Phil’s question is the hybrid offering. One of the products that's doing very, very well for us is the store simple product, which is essentially a storage product that cloud Tiers virtualization storage from on-premise to the cloud. We also have built now into windows server backup and disaster recovery, same thing with SQL server. So that's the first thing that we're seeing is increased usage of our servers with the cloud component. Bursting is something for sure a lot of people do but that’s more on the high end because in the SMB segment, the real movement there is more to Office 365. In fact, one of the things in Office 365 is we're getting people to effectively use servers, which now happens to be in cloud who never bought servers from us ever before because they didn’t have exchange, they didn’t have link, they didn’t have any of the core capabilities of Office 365. So those are the two trends we're seeing.
Raimo Lenschow: Perfect, and a quick follow-up for Amy, if you look at the changes on the operating side that you talked about, it obviously seems to -- as a cultural shift. What’s more, if you budget, it’s more dynamic budgeting it's very much a return base culture that you seem to be introducing here. But it’s something that kind of needs to be feed through the organization and it’s more a cultural change. Where are you in terms of like innings in terms of having it fully through the organization?
Amy Hood: Thanks for that question. I think we've talked about this in prior quarters while I think many people want to see it as a finance concept, it’s not. It’s a senior leadership team concept and the leadership environment that I think we're making collective decisions faster. I think we are applying our resources to opportunities when we see them. I think we have a freedom to make those choices quickly and I feel very good those about the decisiveness that comes with it, but also the empowerment that we give to people within our organizations to make those calls, to increase our performance without waiting to an annual budget process. I think some people call it dynamic budgeting. I think for us, I think it’s more about -- thinking about opportunities we have and stack ranking those every day to improve both our execution and our returns.
Raimo Lenschow: Thank you.
Chris Suh: Thanks. We'll move to the next question please.