
Operator: The next question is from Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Douglas T. Anmuth: Thanks for taking the questions. We're going to stick with video, one for Mark and then one for Sheryl. Mark, how do you think about, whether with video in terms of doing it on core Facebook itself or on a separate video app, some of the puts and takes there between those two? And then, Sheryl, can you just talk about with video, how you see marketers using Facebook more to complement TV and what it would take to shift dollars over in a bigger way going forward? Thanks.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: So in the main Facebook app, we're doing a number of different things. One is that video is naturally becoming a larger share of the content in News Feed because both people and pages are sharing more videos as a mix and people want to consume that content. So there's not really a question of whether that should be a separate app. This is what people want News Feed to be increasingly, so this is what it will become. There is a second experience called Video Home, which we started talking about earlier in the year. and we've rolled out again in a few markets, and those tests have gone well. So we're also hoping to roll that out pretty soon widely. And that's the new experience, which if you come to Facebook and you specifically want to watch some different kinds of videos or you want to see what videos a recent page that you follow has posted or the Presidential debate is on and you want to find a good place to go online to get that, you can go to Video Home and see that. That is a new experience that we're building, and building that as part of Facebook is a great way for people to see it and get exposure to it, and we'll see where that goes over time. I think it's a good experience inside Facebook, but we also have had examples over time, like Messenger for example, where we started it in Facebook and decided that in order to fulfill their potential, it needed to be its own experience over time. So we'll look at all those options, but for now I really think that Video Home is going to be a great experience, and I'm excited to roll that out.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: When we think about video ads and what platform they run on, we really believe that over time the dollars will shift with eyeballs, and our goal is to be the best dollar and the best minute people spend measured across channels. It's definitely true that most of our advertisers are advertising on TV and advertising with us on mobile, and they should be. And we've done studies that show with Nielsen that our ads can be a really big complement to TV, particularly enabling you to reach people who really aren't on TV and you can't reach. I think the power of what we're able to do really goes to the targeting. And what we're seeing is big brand advertisers, and this is actually particularly strong growth. This quarter was particularly strong for brand, are really recognizing that they can do big brand buys on our platform like they would do on TV, but make them much more targeted. So for example, Nestlé Purina PetCare did an ad campaign in Germany with ZenithOptimedia, and they defined five distinct cat owner personality types and created different creatives for each group. So that's a big brand thing. The cat food category is big and they want brand awareness. But rather than just run one ad, they were able to run five based on the interest base and personality targeting that really only we can do. And the results were amazing. They got an 89% increase in brand awareness and a 20% lift in sales. And so we think what we offer is the power of the broad reach of TV, but an ability to target much more efficiently.