
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Phil Winslow with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Philip Winslow: Hi. Thanks guys, and congrats on a great quarter. I just wanted to focus in on Office because you've obviously spent a fair amount of time on Azure, the gross margins there. But within Office, you've got several secular trends as well as just mix shift going on there just from a price point perspective as well as the gross margin between the different levels of E1, E3, E5. So wondering if you could give us some color of what we're seeing there, because obviously, there's healthy, healthy seat growth, revenues outpacing and it seems like margins are as well. So just provide us more color on sort of what we've been seeing and kind of how you think about that trending going forward?
Satya Nadella: Let me just start at the highest of levels, because for us again, and in this last quarter, some of the innovation that we launched I think is also pretty key as you look forward to what it means for Office and Office growth. One of the new suites we have is called F1 and this is about first-line work. So Office is no longer limited just to the knowledge workers. In fact, we see significant opportunity for some of our teamwork, collaboration, communications, as well as scheduling software to be very, very relevant for anyone who's on the manufacturing plant or a retail specialist. Some of our social tools like Yammer are increasingly getting used for broad communications, inclusive of Skype for Teams. So I just wanted to put that in there as well, as there is of course E3. There is E3 to E5. But there is also F1, which is increasing the overall penetration and not to mention the small business segment, and of course all the markets that we participate in with Office 365 where we don't have much of a server business at all. We sold Office on-premise or Office perpetual clients. But now you can have a small business in a country like India, buy Office 365 as a subscription service. So those are all the things that are in play.
Amy E. Hood: And I do think that's important, Keith, in terms of the innovation and the value. I think sometimes, on this call in particular, we talk about there's installed base growth and there's ARPU increases. Sitting underneath that is this very large 120 million dollar-monthly active users in commercial. And they're experiencing frankly the latest innovations that the company has built. So I look and say, seeing growth in that number allows us to actually grow the ARPU, and the new services that Satya mentioned continues to let us grow the installed base. Innovations around teams, innovations in AI in the actual Office products themselves are now being experienced by our customers. I think when you have that happen over time, it builds confidence in the product and it builds confidence in end-user confidence in itself. And then purchasers are happy to continue to add SKUs and add and move up the scale. We still, this is primarily the ARPU growth, continues to be some of the earlier transitions we've always talked about. It's that E3 transition as well as installed base growth. E5 continues to see encouraging signs. We're starting to see it enter but that will take a long time, as we've talked about, to actually land in ARPU.
Chris Suh: Thank you, Phil. We'll move to next question, please.