
Operator: Your next question is from Youssef Squali with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Youssef H. Squali: Thank you very much. A question for Dave and then maybe one for Mark or Sheryl. FX adjusted ARPU growth this past quarter, it was about 35%, which is by our math about half of what it was last year and within mobile, it was about 45%, that's about a third of what it was last year. Other than tough comps, what else is driving that decline? Is it just Q1 seasonality getting more pronounced? Is there anything else – we would have thought maybe video advertising would have had actually the opposite effect. And then what's your – maybe Mark or Sheryl, what's your experience so far with Voice over IP? What is the strategy, I guess, over time? Is that something that you can start charging for or either through maybe a subscription or is there another way of monetizing it? Thanks, guys.
David M. Wehner: Youssef, it's Dave. So on the FX adjusted ARPU growth, I would just really point to the overall revenue growth rate, that's what's driving it. So you're coming up against a bigger business last year than we had in the past. So you're seeing declining rate on that basis. So I don't think there's anything specific to ARPU, it's just a reflection of what we're seeing on the revenue front as we scale, and it's sort of as expected there. So we're really pleased with the performance that we're seeing on the revenue front, certainly on the FX adjusted basis. We're seeing strong growth in the face of really a tough currency environment. So we're really pleased with that. We think we've got the best mobile ad product out there in the market and it's just getting better. So we're really pleased with what we're doing on the revenue front.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: Yeah, and in terms of voice calling, no, we're not going to charge for it just like we're not going to charge for messaging. What we're focused on doing is providing more higher quality services for free than what you could otherwise get in paying for them. And one thing that you may not know about voice calling is that by using the Internet for calling rather than the relatively low bit rate voice networks, you can actually get higher quality calls using VoIP. So one of our theories in this is that it's one of the reasons why voice calling has been a little slower to catch on is because you need the large established network of people who you know will have access to be able to receive a voice call before it, before that behavior can really take on in a big global community. But now between Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp, which are two very broad communication networks, we're pretty confident that because of the higher quality of calling that you can get through the services that we're providing that this is going to continue growing very quickly. I mean, a lot of people still – we're just very early in rolling out and promoting it. Even in Facebook Messenger, it's been out for a little while and we're already more than 10% of the global VoIP market. And I think that that's just going to continue growing and I'm really looking forward to getting the first stats on WhatsApp VoIP as well soon.