
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark May with Citi. Please proceed. Your line is live.
Mark A. May: Hello? Can you hear me?
Brian T. Olsavsky: Yes.
Mark A. May: Okay. Thanks. A question hopefully hasn't been asked already is around AWS. Margins were obviously quite strong in the quarter. Can you speak to the sustainability of the margin improvement that we've seen there, and what is your long-term expectations for profit margins for this business? And if you could give us a sense of what CapEx for this segment of the business looked like in the quarter, and the rate of growth there would be helpful. And then secondly, your employee adds were fairly strong in the quarter as well. I wonder if you could call out any particular areas of – within the business where you're strengthening your hiring efforts. Thanks.
Phil Hardin: So this is Phil. I'll take the AWS portion. So I'll echo what Brian said earlier. This is a young and rapidly growing business, and as you've seen looking backwards, certainly growth rates and margins and capital expenditure timing can be bumpy. We're taking a very long-term view on this business. We're excited about the potential there, and really the team's focused on just keeping their heads down and continuing to accelerate the pace of innovation to try to continue to grow the functionality gap we think we offer. So a lot of hard work going on there. But again, we're taking a long-term view on the business and interested in helping customers as much as possible in that space. On the CapEx, again, we're focused on the ability to drive efficiencies across all of Amazon, but we're also certainly investing in growth. And so, on the AWS side, we've got investment going on around the world, certainly additional servers to support the strong growth we have. And some of the expense for things like data centers or new regions can be a little lumpy, and we've mentioned a couple of new regions we're working on throughout the world. So that's going on as well.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Mark, on your head count question, you're right. Headcount was up 49% year-over-year, which is higher than Q2 – we saw in Q2. This is going to be primarily in our ops area. If you exclude ops-related employees, our head count's growing actually slower than our FX neutral growth rate of 30%. So, what's going on in ops is we've added 14 net fulfillment centers this year, bringing the total to 123 globally. We've added four sort centers in the U.S., bringing U.S. footprint to 23. We're staffing earlier in those locations, we're in good shape for the holidays and ready to go. The other issue is there, the other reason is that we are also doing a lot of conversion of temp workers to full-time workers purposefully. There is a metric employment of full-time hires. So it is a little bit higher due to that program.