
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan with RBC Capital. Please proceed.
Ross MacMillan: Thanks very much and my congratulations as well. I’m actually going to ask a question about the traditional server products business, which once again had a pretty strong growth rate up 5%. I think the last three quarters you have been trending at mid-single digits or even higher, and Amy I just love your thoughts as we progress through fiscal 2018, just so we think about this in the right way, you know how would you expect that sort of growth rate to trend and should we be sort of aware of the comps that come up in Q2 and beyond?
Satya Nadella: Maybe I can start and at least give you what or how we think about it technically and product –wise, and then we can go into talking about the future in terms of the results itself. First of all, we don't think of our servers as distinct from our cloud. In other words, there is intelligent cloud and the intelligent edge is the architecture of pattern for which we are building, whether it is SQL server 2017 or with Windows server, the container service everything that we do assumes that distributed computing will actually remain distributed, and it turns out that it’s helpful to think about it that way both for customers who are rationalizing their portfolios of apps as they lift shift modernize as to what they run in their data centers are in our data centers, but also forward-looking new workloads. If you look at some of the most exciting things that are happening in the cloud, is cloud applications that actively require an edge Azure IOT, or Azure Stack are becoming the runtimes of the edge where you do need not only the ability to do compute and storage, but to run the AI inference and the edge. So to me that’s what we’re building to. It’s actually a big architectural shift from thinking purely as a migration to some public cloud to really thinking of this as a real future distributed computing infrastructure and applications, but I quite frankly feel very, very good about leading and so in that context our server license revenue will fluctuate based on what the macro is and these transitions and mix shifts, but from a forward-looking perspective, I want us to be very, very clear that we anticipate the edge to be actually one of the more exciting parts of what’s happening with our infrastructure.
Amy Hood: And so that leads why I always tend to say, I don't focus as much on the mix per se. I know both of them will matter and both of them are important, and so that’s why I tend to focus on that all up server KPI combination of the progress in the cloud, Azure, as well as the edge which is the on-prem. And so I think, we remain confident that double-digit target that we have for that KPI and is it really, I don't think sort of a comparability challenge per se, but that’s why we try to keep it at that high level to not get too tied to one or the other, given we know the TAM expansion that’s possible, we know we can grow within it. And I apologize, I didn't answer Marks last component, so let me just go back and I had forgotten, which was, was there anything unique in the expiry base for Q1, the answer is, it is up a little year-over-year, but in certainly not through the same type of Q4 comparable. When we tend to have these, we tried to call them out like we did in Q3 leading into Q4. So, Q1 I would say is just up a little. So I wouldn't expect any material impact.
Chris Suh: Thank you, Ross. We will take the next question please.