
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Devitt with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Devitt: Hi. Thanks. I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about where you are in terms of an investment in capabilities in India at this point and how you think about that market longer term. And then secondly, also if you could just comment on the limitations and your willingness to invest more throughout LatAm the way you have more recently in markets like China and India. And if I could, just finally, you've previously discussed satisfaction with the measurements of success for the video product in terms of consumer engagement, and the effects on Prime. I was just wondering if you could comment on whether these metrics are continuing to improve as spending continues to rise on video and consumer awareness is seemingly growing as well. Thank you.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Let me start with your middle question. I think it was about Latin America growth. Let me step back and talk about international growth in general. So our approach varies by country, and if you look, historically we've taken multiple approaches. So in China, we bought an existing business Joyo.com and built off that base. In India, we started from scratch and have built a lot of things ourselves. And it's always going to depend on the country that the dynamics in that country both for retail, for online, and for foreign investment. But a real key factor in all of this generally is management bandwidth as well. So, we pick our spots carefully. You'll see – you heard in the quarter that we've announced the intention to buy Souq in the Middle East. Where does that fit into this strategy? Well, Souq's pioneered e-commerce in the Middle East, and they're creating great shipping experience for their customers and they're multiple countries, and they're doing a great job. So we see this as an example where we can learn from them, and also support their efforts with our Amazon technology and global resources. So we're in Mexico, but we're not in other parts of Latin America. We have a business in Brazil. But other countries we'll take on a case-by-case basis, again, bounded by what our management bandwidth can support and prioritization versus other things. You obviously heard my long list of investments. All of those are pretty much gated by the need for people and software engineers and strong teams to approach them. So international expansion gets played off in the same prioritization that other efforts do.