
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Stabler from Wells Fargo.
Peter C. Stabler: Thanks, good afternoon, one for Sheryl, if I could. Sheryl, you guys have rolled out some initiatives designed to address specific advertising categories like Dynamic Travel Ads. Could we anticipate more efforts going forward to address categories that may be relatively underpenetrated by Facebook, Instagram, and Audience Network? I'm thinking about categories like financial services, auto, for example. Thanks.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: So we're really happy that our growth has been really strong across our verticals, and that continues to be the case. Our top verticals are pretty consistent in e-commerce, CPG, entertainment, media, retail, and gaming. For the most part, when we build products, we build them to work for all verticals, and you see us do that. So being able to upload your catalog of products can be used no matter what your product lists are. We do build vertical-specific ad products when they are necessary, so Dynamic Ads for travel, for example, as you mentioned, being an example. I think the heaviest lifting of the work we do is really helping marketers in different verticals focus on the right metrics, which are the sales metrics, because for too long our industry has been focused on proxy metrics, how long someone viewed a video, even brand lift, measurements we care about, but these are all proxy metrics. What really matters is you see an ad and you buy a product. You see an ad and you drive a car off a lot. You see an ad and you order a service. And so there are very different processes with these different verticals in terms of helping them understand their own purchasing data so that we can connect our ads to their ultimate purchases. We believe that's one of the most important things that we've been very, very focused on, and we have a long way to go. And part of the results you see from us in different verticals are actually explained by the ability of us to help those marketers measure sales at the end of the day. The more that we can tie ad viewing to sales, the stronger our case is with our clients, and so we need to do a lot of work around the measurement with different verticals.