
Operator: Next we'll go to Steve Milunovich from UBS.
Steve Milunovich: Tim, you said you don't want to tell investors what to do. But the first point you made was talking about the size of the install base. Later you've talked about the importance of customer satisfaction. Given that this doesn't look like a super-cycle in terms of unit growth, are you nudging us to focus on the size of the install base, the annuity opportunity here? And do you have confidence that you can monetize that install base through additional hardware and services?
Tim Cook: What I said on the investor part is that I think every investor has to look at their own situation and conclude the things that they think are important. What I think is important, I think the active devices are hugely important and that's the reason that we released the number two years ago, and the reason that we’re releasing that again today. That number speaks to the strength of the product the loyalty of the customer, the strength of the ecosystem. And so we do put a lot of weight behind that. And it obviously also fuels the services business. So I have long believed that on 90 day clock on unit sales is a very surface way to view Apple. I think that the far bigger thing is to look over a longer period of time. And customer satisfaction and engagement and number of active devices are all part of that.
Steve Milunovich: And could you address the positioning of HomePod? What category is it in, is it a music speaker, is it a home system, since people seem to be trying to position it versus Amazon and Google’s offerings? And is the target market primarily Apple Music users?
Tim Cook: HomePod is an incredible product that is a unbelievable audio experience in a very small form factor with a super digital assistant in Siri that knows an enormous amount of music. But also can handle request to like home automation to close your garage door, open your door, turn the light on, turn the fireplace on, change the thermostat, all of the things that you would like to do in home automation. But takes it further, because we think do it right from the home app instead of seeing. So you can see, hey Siri, I’m reading and your room will change to the things you would like happening in that particular room for when you read, maybe it’s a particular light, maybe it’s a type of light, maybe it’s the fireplace, so on and so forth. It also, obviously, you can also do things with HomePod like use it as a speaker phone. And so if you’re talking to your parents or they’re talking to their grand kids, its unbelievable audio quality for speaker phone. You can also have Siri call for you, you can send messages, you can get a Uber car or a Lyft car. And so there is just a whole variety of things. And so I think the use cases on this much like our phones will be broad based. Some people will use it significantly for music and others may use it significantly for as a digital assistance; and I think the majority of people will likely use all of it and use all of the functionality of it.