
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Adam Holt with MoffettNathanson. Please proceed with your question.
Adam Holt: Hi, everyone. That was some quarter. I'm tempted to ask about the strength in Windows, which I know you don't talk about much and don't get much questions about. But really since we've launched, the question that I get by far the most is around the long-term margin potential in Azure. And with the gross margins being as good as they were this quarter, without giving us long-term guidance, is there any reason to believe that the long-term operating margins in Azure couldn't be – we just saw AWS put up a mid-20s operating margin. Is there anything structural that would lead us to believe that you couldn't do something in that range? Or how should we think about the long-term framework for that business? Thank you.
Satya Nadella: I'll start, Adam. The one thing I'd say is when I think about the long-term margin, I actually think of the long-term margin across our cloud. I mean, when we even make our CapEx decisions, which is one of the drivers of margin, we think of first of all, first party equals third party. A lot of what we do even in Windows, mostly people don't recognize it, but one of the most important services we run is Windows Update as a cloud service. And so we have a lot of value that is across the board cloud services, whether it's Xbox Live, Windows Update, Office 365, Dynamics 365, and of course all of the Azure services. And we're going to build scale across all of them. And so we would not – in fact, we will be very aggressive in taking margin in one place, which is different as we see a path to margin in a different spot. That's something that we want to make sure we follow more our opportunity in a customer across the board versus trying to micromanage to certain margins in very specific opportunities, because we think that it's the integrated ability for us to deliver value is which I think long term is what the customers expect of Microsoft.
Amy E. Hood: And I would just add that as we think about that long-term trajectory, our ability to continue to improve margins in our SaaS portfolio and our PaaS portfolio and IaaS portfolio still exists. And our ability to blend them into interesting products that solve customer solutions, which may not even be priced as the component parts, is I think how we think about, especially in our solution areas that Satya talks about, how we talk about delivering it to a customer. So while I'm confident in our ability to continue to grow the core margin, I do think for us in particular, it really is a portfolio that we believe that we need to manage appropriately.
Adam Holt: Thank you.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Adam. Thank you. We'll go to the next question.