
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley.
Keith E. Weiss: Excellent, nice quarter, guys, and thank you for taking the question. I wanted to drill into the new strategy around the phone business a little bit. The revenue expectation for Q1 I think was below our expectations and I think a point below what the Street was looking for. Can you give us a sense of how you see that business trending over a longer period of time? Because there is a significant restructuring going on and I think – I would think a lot of guys have a good view in their head of what your expectation is for this business on a revenue run rate basis? Or what do you expect to be selling this year on a going forward basis is right now?
Satya Nadella: Let me start and then, Amy, you can add to this. The big shift that we are making when it comes to phones is to not think about phones in isolation. That's perhaps the biggest shift because I think about Windows 10 in its entirety, the Windows ecosystem in its entirety. We clearly are going to have premium first-party portfolio, and you've seen some of the numbers, some of the progress we have made in Surface. I feel that we have a formula there that I would like to apply more broadly in terms of growing, just delivering innovation, growing our own economic return for it, stimulating demand, creating categories. All of that is what I want to do broadly. And it applies to phones, it applies to Surface hardware, it applies to Hololens, and that's how I view it. I believe our participation in the phone segment by itself with Windows phones and Lumia phones being there is important, and that's why we picked the three areas where we have differentiation and we want to focus on it. We're going to have great flagship phones for Windows 10. That's actually a segment we don't today have good devices, and we hope to change that with Windows 10. We have in fact good traction in the business segment. This is business customers who are actually buying phone devices, which is basically a radio with essentially a smartphone to be able to deploy their line-of-business applications. That's where we have pretty unparalleled value, which is we have Visual Studio Online and some of the tools I talked about, so you can generate these apps at a low cost of ownership, manage them, secure them, and deploy them to our phone endpoints, and then of course, management and security. So that's a place where we want to continue to focus. And in the value smartphones, that's the place where I want us to be much more efficient. We clearly have some value to add there because of the uniqueness of Office and Skype and our services. But at the same time, I think we want to be smart about how many of these phones do we want to generate, how many, which price points we want to participate. That's where you will see the most significant operational changes from how we operated last year to the coming year.
Amy Hood: And so, Keith, the way that I think about it and I tried to outline it in my comments is that the significant revenue declines quarter over quarter through the year are a reflection of the focused approach we're going to take in phone. It's an approach that we've executed in other hardware segments that I feel is a proven model for us. Our profitability will also improve. More of that comes in the second half of the year structurally as we complete some of the restructuring efforts and those costs come out of our operating expense run rate. But I think that's probably the way to more appropriately think about over time you expect to see gross margin improvement and operating profit improvement as opposed to focusing on the revenue line.
Keith E. Weiss: Got it. And if I could sneak one more in just on the security side of the business, I think a lot of guys have thought traditionally about security as something that Microsoft does to make their platform more secure, and it does provide more confidence in users using your platforms and your tools. On a going-forward basis, is there more of an opportunity for you guys to sell security as more of a standalone opportunity? It's something that's in very high demand today with those looking for more secure solutions. Is that something that could potentially be more of a standalone opportunity for Microsoft on a go-forward basis?
Satya Nadella: In fact, we are adding significant value in security. It's much better for us, for example, to add capabilities. There are no (46:55) 365 in security, and that's all in, for example, this new suite that we have just announced called E5, the secure lock box. That's actually a pretty – a very cool set of features that allow both regulators and businesses to have, for example, audit ability and control over their movement in the cloud. Similarly Azure, where we launched a whole set of security offers around how people can encrypt and manage keys. So those are all security features. We bought a company in Colorado that's essentially a firewall on all your identity management. So when we talk about enterprise management suite growth, a lot of it is just obviously is management growth, but it's also security and data protection growth. So the approach we're taking is we are essentially creating, to your point, security value around our products, which allows us to participate in essentially a security market that we never did in the ways that we are. So it's more than just launching one point security product. It's much more broadly participating in the security market, and you have seen some of that in the inorganic moves and the suites we have created.
Keith E. Weiss: Excellent. Thank you, guys.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Keith. We'll take the next question, please.