
Operator: We'll go to Mark Moskowitz with Barclays.
Mark Moskowitz: Yes, thank you. Good afternoon. I just want to follow up, Tim, if I could, related to the R&D pace of growth, clearly a lot of momentum there over the last couple years. But we're just trying to figure out how much of that is dedicated to existing products and services versus what's next? Can you give us a sense in terms of when investors should think about the ROI coming back to them from the R&D perspective? And a corollary to that, is it really restricted just to products and services currently, or can we see more of a cloud services apparatus evolve over time where you do more and more in the enterprise just given the core trips with SAP and Cisco and IBM? And then my follow-up for Luca is around ASPs for the iPhone. We keep getting a lot of questions around iPhone SE in terms of how cannibalistic could it be to the core iPhone franchise. Are you seeing any moderation in terms of the ASP pressures here?
Timothy Donald Cook: On R&D growth, we do continue to invest significantly in R&D. The growth rates are still large on a year-over-year basis, and Luca can share the exact ones. But I think the recent quarter was in the mid-20% for R&D. The balance of the company we're managing more flattish from a year-over-year point of view. The products that are in R&D, there is quite a bit of investment in there for products and services that are not currently shipping or derivations of what is currently shipping. And so I don't want to talk about the exact split of it. But you can look at the growth rate and conclude that there's a lot of stuff that we're doing beyond the current products.
Luca Maestri: Mark, on the ASP question, I talked about the $595 in Q3. It's down $65 on a year-over-year basis. Keep in mind, about $20 of that $65 is foreign exchange. So during the quarter, we had this combination of starting with no iPhone SE units in channel inventory, so we had to do an at least a partial channel fill that obviously had an impact on ASPs. And then the other element was the fact that we've reduced more than 4 million units of channel inventory on the high end. So the combination of these two things obviously had an impact on ASPs. But I think as I said or Tim said during the prepared remarks, we do expect iPhone ASP to improve sequentially as we move into the September quarter because these two factors that I just mentioned are not going to repeat. On cannibalization, of course we've got limited experience because the phone has been in the market just for a few weeks. But when we look at our survey data on iPhone SE, as Tim was saying, we believe that the iPhone SE is doing exactly what it was intended, which is we are seeing a higher rate of new to iPhone customers, which is obviously very important to us because we bring new people into the iOS ecosystem. And we see a higher rate of previous iPhone owners that really prefer the four-inch form factor. We have not seen clear evidence of cannibalization from iPhone 6S or iPhone 6S Plus. Of course, there's always going to be some level of cannibalization. But really to us what is much more relevant is the much bigger opportunity to bring more people into the iOS ecosystem.
Nancy Paxton: Thanks, Mark. Could we have the next question, please?