
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Heather Bellini: I was wondering, Amy or Satya, if you can help us think about how Azure Hybrid Benefit has changed the type of net expansion rate, you are experiencing on your ELAs that come up for renewal? And I know you are kind of a little bit touching on that with Karl, but is there any way to help to think about how that in particular might be helping the expansion rates of those accounts? And can you help us to think about how this might be -- how that might be helping drive growth in your existing contracts? And then the other question would be. You've mentioned that you are moving some per user consumption that you are going to see more growth in consumption based services versus per user Azure workload growth. And I’m just kind of wondering, if you could share with us, is there any gross margin impact there? Does one have higher gross margins than the other? Is there anything that we should be taking from how you are parsing those comments about how we think of Azure's gross margin progression going forward?
Satya Nadella: So, on the first one, I actually think that these hybrid used benefits are being sort of best kept secrets. So, I’m actually hoping that going into this next fiscal year, we do a much better job and customers do a much better job, but they don’t benefit because the advantage Azure has because of the hybrid used benefits across the entire workload are pretty phenomenal, and we had a good set of sessions at our partner meetings this week just really making sure that everybody understand those benefits. So, I don’t think that, that is really played out. If anything, all the growth we have seen is in spite of that not being broadly revenue driving growth. But to your second question I’ll even say the following which is that, I think that there is clearly difference in GM between the per user and consumption. But the key is even the consumption services come in different forms, there is the IR services, there is the data services, and some of the higher level services. Some of these IoT services now even have SaaS components to it. So, therefore, I think that the mix will be different by quarter-by-quarter, but increasingly our strategy is in many times to get our customers to get going with what is core storage or core compute, but then they scale into these higher levels of services.
Amy Hood: And I’d say, Heather, the two components just to add. The Azure has a benefit. I think we are starting, as Satya said, we started to see some impact from that in my opinion in Q4 in the on-prem KPI. But it really was more in Windows. And the value as we continue to see in SQL next year I do think there is some opportunity for customers to realize the real value from these hybrid benefits. And so -- as to add confidence to my high teens KPI growth for the year is that this is a very customer value oriented offer. To your question on GM, Satya has obviously correct on that one. And I’d say the way we think about it is actually more -- we're talking about Azure per user, it really does move more with M365 per user. It's almost better to put that in your mind as behaving more and having more structures more like Office 365 and behaves quite similarly; tends to have good quarters, when we do good execution on Office 365, and so my comments were more and continue to be around having people understand that sales motion, and that it tends to move in that direction.