
Operator: And that'll come from Brian White with Monness, Crespi. And Brian your line is open. Please go ahead.
Brian White: Yes, Tim. I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about the multi-year partnership with Oprah Winfrey and what that says about your original content strategy and also Apple Music. If you can give us a little more colors or an update maybe around paid subscribers or total subscribers around Apple Music and how you feel that's rolled out.
Timothy Donald Cook: Yeah sure, Brian. Thanks for the question. We're very excited to work with Oprah. We think that her incomparable ability and talent to connect with audiences around the world, that there's sort of no match and we think that we can do some great original content together and so we could not be happier in working with Oprah. As you know, we hired two highly respected television executives last year and they have been here now for several months and have been working on a project that we're not really ready to share all the details of it yet, but I couldn't be more excited about what's going on there and we've got great talent in the area that we've sourced from different places and feel really good about what we will eventually offer. In terms of the sort of the key catalysts and the changes, the cord cutting in our view is only going to accelerate and probably accelerate at a much faster rate than is widely thought. We're seeing the things that we have on the periphery of this like Apple TV, units and revenue grew by very strong double digits, very, very strong double digits in Q3. As I mentioned in my opening comments, we're seeing different providers pick up the Apple TV and use it as their box to go to market with their subscription service. There are, within the 300 million-plus paid subscriptions, some of these are third party video subscriptions and we see the growth that is going on there. It's like 100% year-over-year. And so all the things from a – all the forcing functions here from the outside all point to dramatic changes speeding up in the content industry, and so we're really happy to be working on some of them, but we're just not ready to talk about it in depth today. In terms of Apple Music, we're well over 50 million listeners now when you add our paid subscribers and the folks in the trial, and so we're moving along at a very, very good rate. It appears to us or in what we've been told is that we took the leadership position in North America during the quarter and we have the leadership position in Japan, and so in some of the markets that we've been in for a long period of time. We're doing quite well, but really, the key thing in music is not the competition between companies that are providing music. It's the real challenge is to grow the market, because if you add everyone up that's providing subscription music today or streaming music, it's, outside of China, it's less than 200 million probably around the world. And so it does seem to me there's an extraordinary opportunity in that business to grow the market well and I think if we put our emphasis there, which we're doing, that will be a beneficiary of that as other people will as well. But I like where we are. Our revenues on Apple Music grew over 50% as I'd mentioned earlier during the quarter, and so some really, really strong results. Thanks for the question.
Brian White: Great. Thank you.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Brian. Could we have the next question, please?