
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Karl E. Keirstead: Thank you. Amy, relative to your Q2 guide, the upside surprise really came in the personal computing business, and at least relative to our third quarter estimates, it's again the personal computing guidance that beat. I'm wondering if you could repeat the key factors that are contributing to the out-performance in that pretty important business? Thank you.
Amy E. Hood: Sure, Karl. In Q2, let me talk about two key ones. Number one, it's really the device launches. We actually launched a very broad portfolio of devices into the quarter. With Surface Pro 4, Surface Book, Band 2 and the Lumia 950 and 950 XL. And so between all of those hardware products, as well as our gaming performance, another sort of hardware component in quarter, we did a little better than we had expected in our launches. Now when you launch mid quarter, there's always some timing aspect to that, but I feel very good about the execution of those and that is a meaningful component of that out-performance. The second one, which I talked about is OEM Pro. We did a little better in the quarter than I expected, but inventory levels are a little higher. I expect to work through that in Q2, I mean Q3. And that was a couple points of impact, for example on OEM Pro in quarter.
Karl E. Keirstead: Okay, great. And then, Amy, for the third quarter, your guide for that business is also pretty good. Is that due to some of these similar factors? Or are there one or two others that are driving the what appears to be pretty solid 3Q performance in that unit as well?
Amy E. Hood: Well, it's similar drivers. In that segment, there's also some topics I tend to not get asked about in Q&A. Let me take the opportunity to talk about them. Which is one, our search performance continues to be very good. Frankly, our display business has been quite good. And if you go beyond that, I feel good about our gaming business sequentially. I feel good about the hardware, especially the Surface performance as we launch into more geos. And so if you think about all of those components, which actually were very similar to Q2 in terms of their strength, you see them again in Q3. And so I'm not sure there's anything quote-unquote new, Karl, I would say, other than that bit of mix between OEM Pro, a little bit pulled into Q2 versus Q3.
Karl E. Keirstead: Terrific color. Thank you, Amy.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks, Karl.
Chris Suh: Thank you. We'll move to the next question, please.