
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ron Josey with JMP Securities. Please proceed.
Ron Josey: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Brian, I just want to ask a little bit more about the holiday season, given the beat on the top line and see if there's any way to quantify maybe the impact from the shortened holiday shopping season. I mean, it doesn't seem like much just given the better results and in online sales and retail third-party seller services. But is there any way to think about the six less days? And then also you mentioned last quarter, an impact from the Japanese consumption tax. Any sort of impact? Did that go according to plan or any thoughts there would be helpful? Thank you.
Brian Olsavsky: Yes. First of all on the -- there were two items we discussed last quarter with the Japan consumption tax raising from 8% to 10% effective October 1. The net result was a pull forward of some purchases by Japanese customers into Q3 and also some negative elasticity effects post October 1. The other item was Diwali timing, the Indian holiday which has a very large swing factor on international revenues is, it moved more into the third quarter this year versus -- in 2019 versus 2018. So, it was a help to Q3 and a penalty to Q4. Those two items impacted the Q4 growth rate negatively by about 300 basis points. That was our estimate and we believe that was the actual outcome.
Dave Fildes: On the international?
Brian Olsavsky: On the international segment excuse me yes. The -- sorry the first question was for the holiday season. Yes, we don't see that as a factor actually. And I mentioned that last call as it wasn't incorporated into our guidance in a negative fashion. The way we look at it and the way we believe it works at least in our business is that customers will have a holiday budget and they will spend it between generally the middle of November. It's creeping up to the early part of November through the holiday season. And we do see obviously spikes in Black Friday and Cyber Monday and we also see relative tick-up in trends as we get closer to the holiday and for the shipping threshold cutoff. So, there's a polarization of tends to be a polarization to early shipping -- or excuse me early purchase and late purchases. As far as, the six days that sort of time period between Thanksgiving and the Christmas holiday, we don't see an impact on that. Perhaps it's a bigger issue for stores and foot traffic, but we don't notice it in our business.