
Operator: That is Jim Suva with Citigroup.
Jim Suva: Thanks very much. And I'll ask my original question and follow-up at the same time because they're slightly different topics. But you'd mentioned great success in India. I believe, Tim, in your prepared comments you mentioned, I think, India doubled year over year. Based upon market analysis, it looks like Apple's still just a relatively small sliver of the pie there. So Tim, what would it take be even more successful in India? Is it a manufacturing footprint there? Is it partners? Is it more physical stores? Is it lower price points? Is it the bandwidth that has now caught up to many other countries, or how should we think about that? And then the follow-up question is on the AR/VR, where will it really show up in your income statement? Are you hoping more for hardware sales or services through the apps or where the excitement will then monetize it within Apple? Thank you.
Timothy D. Cook: In terms of India, many of the things that you mentioned are correct. Growing a market like India is a result of all of those things and doing them all well. And so it's analogous to the many years that we put into China. It's building stores. It's building channels. It's building markets. It's building the developer ecosystem. It's having the right product lineup for the market. And I feel like we're making good progress there and are gaining understanding of the market, but we still have a long way to go, which I sort of see as an opportunity instead of a problem. And I do feel great about the growth rate. And so that's India. I think it's all of those things. As you know, as I think we talked about before, we started manufacturing the iPhone SE there six, nine months ago so. And the majority of the iPhone SEs that we sold in the domestic market last quarter were manufactured there. And so we also have that going and are hoping that that winds up saving some amount of money over time and avoiding some of the compounding of taxes, et cetera. The bandwidth issue has also been an issue, but as you point out, it is being addressed and between the large carriers there with Bharti and now Jio investing the way they are, the service in India is materially better than it was just 12 months ago. So there's been a sea change there in a short period of time. So I feel good about all that, but we have a long way to go. In terms of the monetization question on AR/VR, we tend to focus first and foremost on customer experience. And so we're all about making sure the experience is great. And we think that if we get the experience right, that revenues and profits will be a result of getting that right. And so we're very much focused on the experience right now.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Jim.
Jim Suva: Thank you so much for your details. Thank you.
Nancy Paxton: Can we have the next question, please?