
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Vogel with Barclays. Your line is open.
Paul Vogel: Great. Thanks. Two questions. One for Mark and one for Dave. I guess, Mark, just going back to the video question again real quick. I'm wondering, given all the noise around over-the-top and long form content and given your push in video, I'm just sort of curious as to whether or not you think Facebook can or should be a player in more studio content, professionally-driven content. And then Dave, I guess for you, just in terms of CapEx, you gave guidance for this year, but again, given sort of the ramp-up in video in search, how should we think about CapEx longer term relative to, either in absolute terms, or maybe relative to revenue growth? Thanks.
David M. Wehner: I can go first. So on the CapEx growth for this year, Paul, yeah, we are ramping CapEx, obviously, to support the initiatives that we have. 2015 is a big investment year for us, both in CapEx and OpEx. It's a little bit early to be talking about how that's going to scale going forward. But, clearly, we've got a lot of areas that we're investing in, including video, including the various other services on top of Facebook. So, we're going to be investing to deliver the best quality services that we can for our users, so we'll continue to invest heavily on the datacenter and infrastructure side going forward. But 2015 is a big investment year for us across the board.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: Yeah, and on video, we're excited about people sharing all different kinds of content on Facebook. Right now, a lot of what people are sharing are their social videos and content. There a lot of public figures who have pages often with millions or tens of millions of followers producing unique and really high-quality content that they're pushing out to all their fans on the network today. So, yeah, we'll continue looking at ways to grow that and it's – the product experience that we have right now is growing quite well so we feel good about it.