
Operator: The next question is from Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Justin Post: First, Mark, could you talk a little bit about how much activity you see around Events on Facebook and maybe your views on whether Facebook could benefit from political activity or advertising? And then, Sheryl, could you talk a little bit about where ad loads are today? Is there still room there? And also just what your feedback you're getting on advertiser ROIs, is there still more room there? Thank you.
David M. Wehner: Yeah, sure. I'll start with the question on ad load. It's Dave and then Sheryl can follow up on the political question. So, yeah, so, Justin, over time ad load has been one of the factors driving year-over-year growth. It's just worth noting that it is up significantly from where we were two years ago. Looking forward, we continue to feel like there are good opportunities to grow the business. I talked about the three factors that contributed to growth this quarter: ad demand, users and engagement and ad load. And we see all of those continuing to be factors for growth going forward. And then, Sheryl, did you want to take the question on the political?
Sheryl K. Sandberg: Yeah. And I'll take Events, too. Just as Mark said with Groups, Events are growing quickly on Facebook. We don't break out by product, but we're pleased with the growth. On the elections and political activity and political advertising, we're excited about the elections because we think we give politicians and people a really compelling way to interact. If you wanted to feel like you were interacting with someone running for office before, you had to go to a town hall meeting. And increasingly, that's happening on Facebook. So between January 1 and October 7 of this year, over 68 million people on Facebook in the U.S. made over 1 billion interactions about the campaign alone, and every candidate and every member of Congress is on Facebook now. In terms of the revenue impact, no one vertical drives our business. We have a very large and diversified business. But we think we offer something pretty compelling, which is the reach of Facebook with very unique targeting. So on Facebook, you can target an ad by district, by interest. Ben Carson ran 240 different ads targeted at different audiences, and so we're starting to see candidates use our platform to communicate, to advertise and to share.