
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Mark Moerdler with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
Mark L. Moerdler: Thanks for taking my question, and again congrats on the quarter. I'd like to look at Dynamics 365. It's been growing really fast. It was center stage at Envision in almost every presentation and discussion. Can you talk more about how you think about the opportunity and give us a sense of which of the offerings right now within 365, whether it's CRM or Talent or ERP or whatever, are driving the growth and could be part of the future growth? Thanks.
Satya Nadella: Thank you, Mark, for that question. The way we designed Dynamics 365, both on the technology front as well as on the business model front was to get away from what I would describe as the old-school suite-based selling or suite-based building of these things, whether it's CRM or ERP or SCM. Because we realized that, for example, you take any IoT project that is starting in Azure, it first translates into an analytics workload that pulls through some Azure high router analytics services. And then immediately after you do something like preventive maintenance, you need field service. And all they need is just a very robust field service module that's cost-effective and efficient. And so we're able to attach that to that project. Similarly on Talent, they want to be able to – if you start on LinkedIn with hiring, you want to be able to do the on-boarding and talent management. That's the module you want. Even on the operations side, we are realizing that even if you keep your financials the same, there is need, and with increasing digitization, there is more operational modules that you need. So that's what we've designed it for. So the growth is actually across the board. It's coming in customer service. It's coming in sales. It's coming in talent. It's coming in operations, and we have some very competitive price points there. The other one is that there is no such thing as a canonical business. There's no such thing as a canonical business in time. That means things are always changing. So customization, customization and composition, especially with Office 365, is very important, and this is where we have some very differentiated offer with Power BI, PowerApps and Flow. And that's another big driver of some of that growth across our enterprise customers.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks, Mark.
Chris Suh: Thank you.
Mark L. Moerdler: Thanks.
Chris Suh: We'll go to the next question, please.