
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Karl E. Keirstead: Thank you. Amy, I'm going to ask another question on gross margins, but this time at the Microsoft level. So your prior guidance was for ex-LinkedIn fiscal 2017 gross margins to be down 100 basis points. So the quarter you just posted gross margins ex-LinkedIn were actually up. And if I ran the math accurately, it looks like for your March quarter ex-LinkedIn, you're expecting gross margins to be about flat. So it feels like you're outperforming the core Microsoft gross margin guidance you gave before. So are you sticking with the down 100 basis points or has that improved? And if it has, what are the one or two biggest drivers of the gross margins feeling a little bit better ex-LinkedIn? Thank you.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks, Karl. I am sticking with it being about a point. That's the guidance we gave. And even inclusive of LinkedIn, I continue to believe it's about a point. So in some ways, I guess you could say it implies slightly better at the company level, if that's how you're thinking about it. Really, Karl, what can drive that in addition to the overall gross margin improvement we talk about in the cloud, it's also really the strength we see in our Windows business. And I mean that not just in our OEM business but also across the commercial business for Windows. That tends to have a very good margin profile. And as we continue to improve the margin profile of our devices, we continue to see the OEM business health improve. And actually, we continue to see the growth in the consumer services around the transactions that run through Xbox is also good margin business for us that looks quite different than the hardware profile. So all of those can impact it, Karl, as we look through the rest of the year. But in general, inclusive of LinkedIn, I'm still around 100 bps.
Karl E. Keirstead: Got it. Thanks, Amy.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks.
Chris Suh: Thank you, Karl, next question, please.