
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Keith Eric Weiss: Excellent, thank you, guys, for taking the question and a very nice quarter. I wanted to dig into Azure, maybe one question for Satya and one question for Amy. Satya, you mentioned the Boeing agreement. What was interesting about that is not just a large company moving significant workloads onto Azure. But from my reading, it sounds like there's a distribution side of this agreement that you guys are going to help them distribute some of those applications on a going-forward basis. I was wondering if you could touch a little bit on that. Is that a one-time thing, or is that something that you look to do more often with some of these large companies, moving workloads onto Azure? And then for Amy, thank you for the additional detail on the cloud gross margin profile on a going-forward basis. When we dig into just Azure, you said in the past that you expect to match the gross margin profile of what we're seeing in Amazon Web Services. Does that commentary still hold? And maybe you can give us a mark-to-market on how you're doing in terms of matching up Azure's gross margin profile to what you're seeing from your top competitor there.
Satya Nadella: Thanks, Keith, for those questions, so let me start on the first one. You're absolutely right that one of the phenomena now is that pretty much anyone who is a customer of Azure is also in some form an ISV, and that's no longer just limited to people who are "in the classic tech industry" or the software business. That's the same case with GE. It's the same case with Boeing. It's the same case with Schneider Electric or ABB or any one of the customers we are working with because they all are taking some of their assets and converting them into SaaS applications on Azure. And that's something that we will in fact have distribution agreements with. And AppSource is a pretty major announcement for us because we essentially created for SaaS applications and infrastructure applications a way to distribute their applications through us and our channel. And I think it makes in fact our cloud more attractive to many of them because of that. So we look – I think going forward, you'll look to see – or you'll see us do much more of this with many other customers of ours.
Amy E. Hood: And to your question on Azure gross margins specifically and how we think about that in comparison, let me first say the additional color I gave in terms of comments in terms of material improvement clearly also apply to our Azure portfolio as well. We're encouraged by the improvements we've seen year over year. And we do expect material improvement in FY 2017, both from the benefits of scale and the investments we've made, but importantly also in the revenue trajectory we're seeing and the makeup of that revenue. Boeing's agreement is one such agreement in terms of embedding a premium service at a premium gross margin. We signed many of those this quarter that we feel quite good about. I think I have a strong line of sight to AWS's margin profile and still feel good about the progress we're making, not just on the workloads that are relevant, apples to apples with Azure, but also in our broader cloud portfolio and our ability to have very healthy margins across Dynamics 365 as well as Office 365 in conjunction with many of the innovations we're doing across Azure. So while I am focused on both the workload improvement, I'm also focused on what's possible across the entirety of the cloud. Thanks, Keith.
Keith Eric Weiss: Excellent, thank you very much.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Keith. We'll go to the next question, please, operator.