
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Helfstein with Oppenheimer & Company. Please proceed.
Jason Helfstein: Thanks. Two questions. First, I think I may have missed earlier. You gave out the impact of ASC 606. And then maybe second question, I think what one of the things people are trying to think through is you obviously guide to revenue and operating income, but as the business is more than 3P and advertising, gross profit is now much more important and just the way you kind of capture the value you provide. So maybe if you can – is there a way to just kind of help us kind of foot the perhaps slower revenue growth we're seeing versus what's obviously you extracting kind of more value for your partners and customers and for yourself? Thanks.
Dave Fildes: Yeah. Thanks, Jason. This is Dave. Just quickly on the ASC impact, Brian mentioned earlier that of course we've been talking about it all year the changing, and the subscription revenue recognition is now straight line. So on a comp basis you'd expect to see subscription revenue be about $300 million lower due to that accounting change. The other piece that we hadn't talked about is the reclass that we gave in the past few quarters, specifically around the advertising services that have moved from Contra COGS into other revenue beginning in 2018. That was about $750 million increase to that other sales revenue category here in the third quarter.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Yeah. And your comment on revenue versus operating income versus potentially gross profit, I would say the impact of third-party growth and we're now – up to 53% of our paid units in the quarter were third-party. It's steadily been going up. It's up 300 basis points year-over-year. So I think the impact on revenue growth rate, since the revenue component of that is not as large, is probably something to consider on a year-over-year period. I think it tends to not be as big a factor, sequentially quarter-over-quarter is the gradual growth in it. But again, we'll continue to give revenue guidance and also operating income to an appropriately conservative level that we've tried to maintain over time.