
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks very much. Just wanted to dig in a little bit on advertising and the growth opportunity there. If you can help us on the potential for higher ad pricing in terms of the ROI for your marketers hopefully being reflected in higher price per ad. And then what about the ad load? So are we kind of close to being at a full ad load? Is there a long runway there? Just trying to get a sense for pricing and volume underneath advertising. And then also along the lines of advertising, heading into the holiday season, should we expect any increase in your efforts around Alexa commercialization, voice keyword ads let's say, and does that fit into your broader advertising growth strategy? Thanks.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Yeah, let me talk a little bit more broadly about advertising. So yeah, we are seeing really strong adoption across a number of groups, Amazon vendors and sellers for sure, authors, as well as third-party advertisers who want to reach Amazon customers. As far as penetration, we don't have that quantified for you, but we still believe that there is a lot of room to continue to improve the presentation of and bringing to our customers new and more relevant purchase options. So we're continuing to invent both on the product side, the tools side with our goal being improve the usability of the tools for advertisers, make smarter recommendations for customers, automate activities so that advertisers don't have to work as hard, and invent new products for advertisers. If we do this right, we think we'll both help advertisers and help Amazon consumers at the same time. So I know it doesn't answer the question about specific rate increases or capacity, but that is the general strategy that we're seeing in advertising.
Dave Fildes: Yeah, and this is Dave. Just jumping on the Alexa point, I mean, I think the short answer is we don't have any plans to add paid advertising to Alexa. I think we clearly had a lot of exciting things happen in the last month or two in terms of new announcements in devices out there. And I mean really looking at that, the goal is to make customers' lives easier and make it more convenient and a lot of that is you're seeing that in the homes and to some extent on the Go. So I think if you look at the recent announcements, you're seeing a few things. I mean, one, we're bringing a lot of cool hardware options to customers. Second thing, I mean, making the Alexa service smarter. It's getting smarter and more capable. And then also delivering tools for developers, helping them build for and really with Alexa. So I think making her smarter and seeing that she gets smarter with all the skills, leveraging the cloud and AI, becoming more knowledgeable and introducing a lot of really new cool new features. So really excited about the customer response with those devices and those tools so far and looking forward to doing even more.