
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark May with Citi.
Mark May: Thank you. When I try to back out the impact factors like Whole Foods, the advertising accounting change and other factors, what I see is stable and pretty healthy revenue growth for the retail segment, but a slowdown in Q4 from what seems to have been, in more recent quarters, meaningful gross margin expansion in the retail segment. Can you discuss what may have driven that and how to think about retail gross margins going forward? And then somewhat separately, retail margins last year benefited from several factors, including more modest hiring and more modest growth in fulfillment center capacity, do you see these factors persisting this year? Thanks.
Dave Fildes: Yeah. Thank you. Let me start with that last part, because I think if we step back and put 2018 in perspective, there are some clear trends regarding our cost structure. Starting with fulfillment costs, so in the prior two years, 2016, and 2017, we had grown our square footage tied to fulfilment and shipping by greater than 30%. In 2018, that number grew by 15%. Certainly, unit demand was lower, but AFN or Amazon Fulfilled demand were, we’ve combined FBA and retail, remained strong. So we had a banking, if you will, of some large expansions in the prior two years. Similarly on headcount, we grew headcount by 48% in 2016, 38% in 2017, if you exclude the acquisitions of Whole Foods and Souq, which drove the number up to closer to 68% I believe. Last year, we were at 14% growth. And so, there was a lot of leverage and a lot of, in a way, there was a lot of pre hiring in 2017 that we digested in 2018, while we still continue, in some areas, especially things like our core retail business and also G&A functions, but then we continue to invest again in the technology tied to AWS sales team to an AWS device area. So their groups are growing considerably higher than that 14%, but on total, the company grew 14%. And then on capital, especially infrastructure capital, if you use the capital lease slide as maybe an indicator for what we have invested into our AWS business to support infrastructure and global expansion, that number grew 10% last year, when it had grown 69% in 2017. So in a lot of ways, 2018 was about banking the efficiencies of investments in people, warehouses, infrastructure that we had put in place in 2016 and ’17. So while we'll continue to concurrently drive growth and customer offering and Prime benefits, we certainly do take costs seriously and we will continue to work on operational efficiencies. I would expect these investments to increase relative to 2018 and we've reflected what we see so far in Q1 in our guidance.