
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Sheridan from UBS.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe on a bigger, broader topic for everyone on video, how do you see video evolving as a consumption mechanism on all of your platforms and in terms of how users consume video what they’re attracted by? Second would be how that’s informing you investing in video content. How should we think about the investments going forward and how that might impact growth versus margins? And then third, the opportunities on the advertising side that video might present over the next three to five years? Thanks guys.
Sheryl Sandberg: So, I think video has been pretty important. It’s really followed technological change, if you think back even four years, you can’t really take a video, a lot of videos buffered on your phone. And now, you think about what people can do. They can consume video very easily on a phone. They can share video, they can take video. And so we’re seeing very – we’re seeing a lot of interest along a lot of consumer products. It’s also probably worth mentioning that video is within a bunch of our products. So, we certainly have video in feed and people can put video into stories and different places. And we also have the specific Watch place, where we’re looking at original content. I think to the second part of your question, which is how do we think about video content. Most of the content, people put up on Facebook video or other is user-generated, that’s also true of the watch content itself. We have made some investments there in creating a more dedicated place to watch video. So, while a lot of the content is still provided by people in a way that we’re not covering costs, we do have a strategy of investing in great content that really starts the flywheel growing – going and we’ve been pretty pleased, I mean it’s not the biggest effort anyone has, but we’ve had some hits from Tom and Time to Tom and Time to Red Table Talk ,sorry for your loss, and we’re seeing some really nice engagement numbers on these shows. And the best of them actually carry over into the Facebook community, because the best of the people creating those shows and starring in those shows are also engaging with Facebook, and I think the vision Mark laid out for this all along is that, we should do video in a pretty social way. When you think about video ads, video ads are pretty exciting, because it’s obviously a firm asset marketers have long loved. I think one of the challenges we’ve had is training the market that you can’t just take your TV ads and put them on video – I’m sorry, put them on mobile or put them into Facebook, because they don’t perform the same way. The best TV ad is 30 seconds, it builds slowly to a story, the product reveal is usually at the very end, the best mobile first ad or ad-on Facebook kind of gets to the main point or gets to the product in the first three seconds, captures your attention much more quickly. We sometimes talk about it as some stopping creative, where you actually want to stop and watch. I think the good news we have here is that mobile first video on Facebook right now is now over 50% of video revenue. So that shows real growth people understanding they need to do it differently, but we’ve still got a pretty long way to go, and we are seeing good results. I’ll share an example, McDonalds. McDonalds used mobile app video ads in Facebook and Instagram News Feed and Stories to launch a limited edition called the Big Mac range in the UK. They had a 16.5% lift in ad recall and then Nielsen’s study showed a nearly 20% incremental reach on Facebook versus TV. So, I think that shows that when video is done well, it can have a really big impact on companies large and small on our platform.
Dave Wehner: And then Eric, I think you asked about margin impact. I’d just say that the video content budget is already factored into the guidance that we’re providing on expenses.