
Operator: From UBS, we'll hear from Steve Milunovich.
Steven M. Milunovich: Great, thank you very much. Regarding your revenue guidance for September, it's up about 10% sequentially, which is clearly at the high end historically. So what can you tell us about the timing of the new iPhone model? Is that affecting this? You mentioned that 451 Research is finding business interest in phones, but their survey on consumers actually finds the lowest level of expectation for purchases in the next three months since 2008. You've seen the upgrade numbers from the carriers are quite low. So it seems like it's still a very tough demand environment. So where is the strength coming from in the September quarter?
Timothy Donald Cook: Steve, we're not going to get into products or product transition. However, we've taken what we've learned from last quarter, and we did see a number of encouraging signs. Luca talked about the number of countries that we saw double-digit growth in during the quarter, from Japan to Brazil to India, some even stronger numbers than that in Russia. So there's a number of countries that we saw strong signals from that perspective. We also are very happy with the switcher rate that we saw, our highest ever recorded. And the number of switchers through the nine months are the highest absolute numbers that we've ever had. And so when we look at that and then we look at the things going on, on our other products and services, and we think Services will continue to grow very briskly. We've made our best estimate of where we think we'll come in, and that's $45.5 billion to $47.5 billion.
Steven M. Milunovich: Okay, fair enough. And as a follow-up, I wanted to ask you about your platform strategy. You talk about the four operating systems essentially as platforms, which I agree with. And it's just interesting to me because Apple has such a control over the vertical integration of your products, and yet you've somehow been able to grasp the openness that's required for platforms. And I think that's reflected in WWDC, as you pointed out, opening up APIs and so forth on messaging. And you made the case there for apps versus messaging and the anti-bot argument. I'm just curious. Is that the way – am I characterizing this roughly correctly in terms about how you think about the business? And how are you managing that internally in terms of having this vertically integrated somewhat closed view of the hardware and yet this pretty open platform where the value is created externally?
Timothy Donald Cook: We think to have a great platform you have to have a really healthy ecosystem. And so we're really proud of the developer community and the fact that developers are earning a lot more money in writing for iOS than other apps. We think that the best experience for users include apps, and so we want to do everything that we can do to continue building that. We now have over 2 million apps in the App Store and are more focused these days on discovery and other things to bring more great apps to the service because there are so many out there. And so that's what we're doing. The TV, and you didn't mention CarPlay, but these are trying to provide our users a seamless experience across all the different things that they do in their lives. And so that's the rationale for CarPlay. It's the rationale for why we're putting a huge investment in the home, making – really bringing home automation to life for people in a very simple and elegant way. It's the reason for Apple TV and what we're doing in the living room. And so all these things, all these things together are all about the user experience and making people's daily lives better.
Steven M. Milunovich: Thank you.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Steve. Could we have the next question please?