
Operator: Your next question comes from Eric Sheridan from UBS.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks for taking the question. Maybe two if I can. Mark, for you, I guess as we read your statements and listened to you on the calls over the last sort of a year and a half, the end of 2017, I think investors are still trying to figure out the future business model and monetization path for Facebook as a company. Is it more media consumption and advertising driven or do you think you are in the process of a pivot towards more e-commerce? And we know there’s a privacy focus over all of that. But I’d love sort of your view on how you think about the puts and takes between an ad driven model and an e-commerce driven model or somewhere in between those two as you look out over the next three to five years? And I don’t know if this is best for Dave or not, but on the FTC, you threw out 3 billion to 5 billion, what sort of probability should we assume to that being the likely outcome within that range and how should we think about some of the changes if any that might happen to the business model if you were to settle with the FTC? Thanks so much, guys.
Dave Wehner: I can take for the FTC one first, Eric. Look, the accruals and accounting entry related to the ongoing settlement discussions that we’re having with the FTC. This matter’s not resolved, so the actual amount of payment remains uncertain. However, we’re estimating this range of loss to be $3 billion to $5 billion. Can’t really comment further as this is an ongoing matter. We booked at the low end of the range in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance. So, really not much more to add on that front.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. And in-between advertising and commerce, it’s really a continuous spectrum and they’re not two different things, right? Advertising is going to be the way that the revenue comes in for the foreseeable future, but what we expect is as we build out more commerce-related features around shopping, and Instagram and Marketplace and Facebook and certainly, the private social platform that we’re – that I’ve been talking about I think will lend itself to private interactions around payments and commerce and interacting with businesses in that way, I think what we’re going this is we’re going to build more tools for people to buy things directly through the platform. But I would expect that that will mostly come and affect the business through as those products that we build help businesses convert better, they’ll – it will be more valuable to them and therefore that’ll translate into higher bids for the advertising and that’ll be how we see it. Over the long-term, if Payments becomes a really important part of what we do, we can – we’ll have some options and choices about how we choose to – how to have the revenue flow to us in the future. But for the near-term, the way that we’re thinking about it is offering as many of these things at cost and for free as possible to deliver as much value to small businesses and businesses around the world. And I would imagine that that will come and contribute to our business through advertising in the way that it has historically.