
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth: Thanks for taking the question. First, Mark you made it pretty clear that driving meaningful social interactions is the Company's top priority this year, but can you talk a little bit about how the changes you're making impact advertising and maybe you can talk about how you're thinking about any changes around ad load or just overall impression volume? And then how the ads work in an environment of more friends and family content in an environment where you don't see as many business posts? And then secondly, can you talk about GDPR as well. I don't think you mentioned it, but just curious, I mean you put the blog post out the other day, but if you could talk about how you're preparing here, so that's a rollout over the next few months and whether you think that presents any risk to either engagement or monetization? Thanks.
David Wehner: Hey Doug, it’s Dave. I'll start off on the impact on the business. The biggest focus – the biggest impact of the focus on meaningful interactions as Mark mentioned will be in areas like passive video, where from a business perspective, we monetize less on a time spent basis. So if you think about it in terms of things like post views in News Feed, which drives impression growth that we think this will have less of an impact, and so that's sort of built in to what I had said about the business commentary when I commented on 2018 revenue outlook. We still believe we have an opportunity to grow impressions at a modest space year-over-year across the platform.
Sheryl Sandberg: When I think about the MSI changes, obviously any change that's beneficial for our community is good for the long run health of our business, because as Mark said, we care not just about time spent on Facebook, but time well spent. But even in the shorter-term all time spent on Facebook is not equal, because when people spend time viewing more posts because they're interacting with family and friends and they're not involved in longer post. We have actually more monetization opportunities. We're not doing this to be positive or negative for revenue. We're doing this because is the right thing for our community. But the impact that has on monetization is certainly not clearly negative. When you think about GDPR, the Facebook family of apps already applies the core principles in GDPR frame, which are transparency and control and we are building on this to make we’re ready to fully comply by May. We're going to continue to give people are personalized experience to be clear about how are using the data and give choices and we realize that this means that some users might opt out of our ads targeting tool. We also know that there may be a DAU impact for implications on European usage. But from the targeting, we're not forecasting a big impact here. There's some risk and more watching closely. Over the long run, we feel confident that we're very well placed to navigate the transition.