
Operator: From UBS, we’ll go to Steve Milunovich.
Steve Milunovich: Luca, could you comment a bit about the factors that went into your decision on the capital return program, particularly the share repurchase part? For example, I would think you’re pretty well done in terms of taking U.S. cash down. So you are dependent upon cash flow in the U.S. as well as debt. And regarding debt, do you have a debt to EBITDA ratio in mind that you don’t want to go over? Do you want to keep your AA rating? Is that important? Just other factors like capital spending needs, just curious what your thinking was.
Luca Maestri: The logic has not changed over the years. We look at our business plans, we look at what we want to accomplish from product perspective. We look at the capital needs that we have to run the business and to grow the business. And then we see that we’re in this great position that we can return cash to shareholders. We know Apple very well. We are very excited by the level of customer response that we’ve got for our current portfolio. We’re super confident about the pipeline of products and services that we have, and therefore, we believe that there is great value in our stock. And that is the reason why, again this year, we’re allocating the majority of the increase, which is the largest increase that we’ve ever done, we’re increasing the program by $70 billion. And the vast majority of that we’re allocating to the share repurchase, because again, we believe there’s great value in the stock. We also know, and understand, that we have several investors that value income. And so that’s important for us to increase the dividend. And as we’ve said in the past, we plan to continue to increase the dividend every year. And as we’ve said in the past, we will come back at about this time next year and give you another update to the program, because we will have better information, and we’ll be able to be very thoughtful about the size and the mix and the pace of the program. From a funding standpoint, of course we have a very strong balance sheet. We do have some cash in the U.S. We will continue to generate cash in the U.S., but definitely a good portion of the program will be funded through debt. We will raise debt both in the U.S. and outside of the United States. And you know, of course we’ve got a very, very strong balance sheet. We’ve got a very open dialog with the rating agencies. And so we feel we have a lot of room for us to fund the program. So from a balance sheet standpoint, we feel very, very comfortable with the program that we’ve announced today.