
Operator: Next we’ll go to Kulbinder Garcha with Credit Suisse.
Kulbinder Garcha: My first question is for Tim. Tim, on the point you made about the 20% of the [unintelligible] being on 6 or 6 plus, are we right in interpreting the comment that that’s a substantially lower number than at this point in previous cycles? And that would, I guess, argue for just a longer period of growth as the [unintelligible] upgrades? And then also, linked to that, just by the points you’re making on [unintelligible] iPhone users and [unintelligible] being higher, that number year on year, in the first six months, is really growing significantly year on year. Is that the right way to interpret that comment?
Tim Cook: I missed the second part of your question totally. Can you get a little closer to your phone?
Kulbinder Garcha: Oh, sorry, yes. My second part of my question is, in the first six months of the 6 plus, is the gross number of new users to Apple, whether it’s new users or switches from Android, significantly growing year on year?
Tim Cook: I don’t have the comparisons in front of me, about the answers to either one of your questions. My understanding of what you asked was is the 20% number that I’d mentioned in the question from Gene, how does it compare year over year, is it a lot different? I don’t know the answer to that off the top of my head. As I look at the number, my point from bringing it up is that there’s a lot of people that haven’t upgraded to a 6 and 6 plus. And so as I look at that, it screams that there’s significant opportunity there. And that’s before thinking about switchers and first time buyers.
Kulbinder Garcha: Okay great, and then Luca, just on the gross margin decline from the March quarter to June, I understand the currency point. I understand the iPhone’s a little bit older. I guess of the iPhone and the watch impact, is the decline equally attributed to both those reasons, or is there something different going on?
Luca Maestri: Let me tell you, there are a number of reasons why our guidance for gross margins is lower than the actual for the second quarter. The first one is the loss of leverage, because of the sequential decline in revenue. We got the foreign exchange, we got as you said, a lower iPhone mix. And we got the Apple Watch. I think we’ll leave it at that, and we’re not gonna get into more specifics. But those are the four reasons that drive the sequential decline.