
Operator: Our next question will come from Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Katy Huberty: Yes. Thank you. I'd like to go back to the discussion around strength in China in the quarter and understand what linearity looked like. I ask because there was some industry data around the smartphone market in China that seemed to deteriorate in the month of June, the App Store data deteriorated a little bit in June, and just curious if that’s something you saw in the business and if it at all informs your outlook around the pace of the China business as you go into September.
Tim Cook: Katy, it's Tim. We obviously took into account all of the information that we had and coming out with the guidance including linearity across last quarter and how this quarter has started. And so, we obviously look at that in quite much detail.
Katy Huberty: And then just on the App Store, appreciate there's not a lot of detail out around exact timing and even some pricing of the new services, but how should we think about the new services that launched in March impacting the overall services growth. Does that start to benefit the model in the back half of this calendar year, or will the impact be more longer term in nature and really show up in 2020?
Luca Maestri: Katy, let me just talk about the new services that we've announced in March, and then also about the timing of how we get to revenue, right? We've announced Apple News+, and this is the service that is available for consumers right now. We've announced our channel service, which has also become available a few weeks ago. The other three services, the card is launching in August, the gaming service and the video service are starting in the fall. Keep in mind for all these services, there's a trial period up front, there's going to be different trial periods, we'll see what that what they look like. So, the road to monetization takes some time. Obviously, all of them will add to our base and will help us with growth rates as we get into next year.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Katy. Could we have the next question please?