
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Colin Sebastian with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Colin Alan Sebastian: Thanks very much. Maybe as a quick follow-up on the quarter, we've heard from other e-commerce companies and retailers about a higher degree of promotional activity during Q4. So I wonder if there was any conscious decision on your part to pull back from some of the more aggressive discounting. And then my whether question is whether you can shed any more light on the motivation to build out the air cargo hub in Cincinnati, understanding the need to support the growth of the core retail business, but also if this gives you more of an opportunity to build out direct connections to suppliers, for example, or a longer-term offer excess capacity or logistics as a service. Thank you very much.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure, Colin. On your first question, holidays are always a very promotional period. So we don't see – I can't really comment on the year-over-year differential in promotional activities to us. We are always looking to not be beat on price. We want to offer the best options to customers and we saw a lot of great response from customers this holiday season. I think we would be a very trusted holiday partner particularly as you get closer to the holiday. So, on the promotion side, we don't consider it a huge factor either way. It's pretty much a cost of doing business 12 months a year for us. And, sorry, the second question is on the hub in Cincinnati – or excuse me, in Kentucky. Yes, that is – I saw the announcement on that. That is a partnership we have to build out the facility at the Hebron, Kentucky airport. I think it'll create thousands of jobs over time. What it does for us is it gives us a base for future growth. It's all about supplementing our existing capacity both our partners and ourselves and essentially building capacity that can handle this top line growth and also the growth in AFN or Amazon Fulfilled Network units which as I just mentioned is even higher than our paid unit growth. So same as some of the investments you saw in airplanes last year, our partnerships with companies that do air cargo. This is about supplying our need for our customers and our sellers. We value the partnership with external, the external providers as well and I think we're all dealing with the problem of having lots of incremental volume year-over-year.