
Operator: Thank you, and our last question will come from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Stewart Kirk Materne III: Thanks very much, and thanks for squeezing me in. Satya, I wanted to talk a little bit about just the ISV ecosystem on top of Azure, and where you think that is today, and where you'd hope that potentially to be in 12 months, when we think about the opportunity around sort of platform as a service and building out more enterprise apps. I think you made some comments around some IoT applications there that are now sitting on Azure. What's sort of a good – what should we be looking for in terms of new partners from survey ISV perspective? You've had companies like [Black Box or Replatforma]. I'm wondering, do you expect that sort of momentum to potentially accelerate as we get in further into the calendar year? Thanks.
Satya Nadella: Yeah, thanks for the question. I mean, I think the overall for me across all of our product lines, whether it be Windows or whether it be Office 365 or Azure, developer momentum, ISV momentum is super important priority for us, both in terms of our developer evangelism, our product engineering teams, as well as everything that we will do to even create success for our partners through our field sales organization is a top of mind priority. And this is something that Kevin Turner, myself and Amy and all of our leadership team is very focused on. So you will only increasingly see us deliver more design wins there. In fact, I'm looking forward to our partner conference to talk much more about what it is that we will be doing in the coming year to drive more success for our partners and in particular ISVs. The thing that I'm seeing a lot of is we've had traditional strength with SQL as well as .Net. They are moving a significant number of them to the cloud, and in fact replatting to be even multitenant and cloud native. At the same time, we're also seeing a lot of open source ISVs also be part of the Azure marketplace. If you go up to the Azure marketplace today, you'll see that. So we're not only bringing people who have traditionally worked with us, helping them replat to a completely new model but we're also bringing a lot of new ISVs into the fold as well and that's pretty exciting to see.
Stewart Kirk Materne III: Great. Thanks a lot.
Chris Suh: Great. Thank you, Kirk.
Chris Suh: So that wraps up the Q&A portion of today's earnings call. We look forward to seeing many of you in the coming months at various investor conferences. For those unable to attend in person, these events will be webcast at the Microsoft Investor Relations website. Thanks for joining us today.
Satya Nadella: Thank you very much.
Amy E. Hood: Thank you.