
Operator: Our next question comes from Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth: Thanks for taking the question. Can you guys talk a little bit more just about the international business and kind of the key initiatives here in terms of getting the growth to reaccelerate some of these levels? And then also perhaps little bit more on your strategy. In China how you are thinking about the cost structure there, relative to previous years and some of the key ways you might be able to rationalize things there? Thanks.
Brian Olsavsky: Yes, let me start with China. So, I think you'll see a lot invention, you're seeing a lot of invention from us in China right now. Amazon is trusted source of authentic [ph] international products and that’s really what we're doubling down on now with a Amazon global store on our own site, which gives Chinese customers access to over 1 million Amazon products globally. And then the team of flagship store for international brands which you've heard about giving thousands of direct imported products access to – customer’s access to these products and those happen to be stocked and ready to ship from our fulfillment centers in China. So that’s an added benefit. 25% of those are exclusive – over 25% of those exclusives to Amazon. So we continue to be selective in our investments there, but we're taking the long-term view and we have hopes for the new initiatives along the global – with the global store and the team of flagship store.
Tom Szkutak: In terms of the growth for total international, just maybe some comments first about the current quarter and then I'll elaborate little bit further. But the growth was down 2% on a dollar basis, up 14% on local currency basis. So we did see a little bit of improvement in terms of growth rate acceleration versus last couple of quarters. And in addition to the things that Brian mentioned earlier about the Prime platform, that’s something that we're doing globally. And so we're certainly – all those things we're working on globally. So those are things that at least in most geographies we have today. One thing to keep in mind also, as you look at growth rate for Q1, is last year Q1 we talked about in April 1st there was a consumption tax increase in Japan. We had some –we think some pre-buys in Q1 and we're overlapping that in Q1 of this year. So it’s a headwind if you think about it for Q1. But we're looking – we think there is still a big opportunity, as we mentioned last call, big opportunity with Prime. Prime is growing at a faster rate. We think there is still a great opportunity to add unique selection to – for category expansion. And again, so we're going to continue feed the Prime platform as we talked about, continue to add selection in a lot of categories. We're also very excited about India, if you take a look at our results for – from an operating profit standpoint, you see that it was approximately negative 76 million on a dollar basis. If you back out exchange that’s approximately breakeven, included in there we certainly have a sizeable step up in investment in India. And we're super excited from what we see there right now. We think its very big opportunity and we're investing appropriately for that big opportunity. So those are some of things that we're working on and we think there – we still have a lot of opportunity there moving forward.