
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Mahaney: I'd like to focus on the North American retail operating margins. That 4.5% was the highest, I think, we've seen in a couple of years, maybe the highest since you've actually broken that segment out. So could you just go through the drivers behind that? I know you called out Alexa as being better than expected. Was that one of the factors? Was it the full quarter of the Whole Foods impact? Was it advertising revenue? Just what drove that result and how sustainable is it?
Brian Olsavsky: Sure, Mark. Let me address your question by answering the entire company on noteworthy North America elements are strongest. So for the quarter, we came in at the highest end of our revenue range, $60.5 billion, 26 -- 36% FX-neutral growth and 25% FX-neutral growth, excluding the Whole Foods acquisition. So the fact that we came in at the high end of the range, volume was high, especially in North America, and a lot of times in Q4 and other quarters actually, we see better efficiencies when the warehouses were busy. So it's a very clean operational quarter, I would say. The ops team did a great job handling record volumes in Q4 and also incorporating all the new capacity we had opened in 2017. If you remember, we have added over 30% to our fulfillment square footage in 2017, coming off the similar increase in 2016. So amid all these opening of new buildings, many of them late in the year, the ops team did a fantastic job. Advertising was also a key contributor as we're continuing to make more value -- the offering's more valuable, both to customers and advertisers alike, and that was particularly strong in North America, although not in the North America segment. I would also point out, AWS had a strong quarter, accelerating growth versus Q3 and also expanding operating margins by 100 basis points. So particularly in North America, I would say there's the volume -- the strong volume -- top line volume, combined with increased advertising revenues and also very clean operational performance. Obviously, there's a lot of things that can happen in Q4 from weather to demand patterns changing. We've seen additional costs creep in, in the name of customer experience in prior years, and this was, in hindsight, probably one of the cleaner Q4s recently.