
Operator: That will come from Amit Daryanani with RBC Capital Markets,
Amit Daryanani: Thanks a lot for taking my question, guys. I have two as well. I guess maybe to start with on gross margins. Luca, year over year revenues are going to be up high single digits at the midpoint, gross margin will be down a little. Could you just tell us what are the puts and takes on that? And are yield inefficiencies broadly much more severe this time versus what you've seen historically?
Luca Maestri: Yes. Amit, so we're guiding 38% to 38.5%. That's up 35 bps sequentially. Obviously we're getting the leverage from the larger volumes. As I mentioned, I think to Toni, we have higher cost structures every time we launch new products. So that is going to be the offset, and I mentioned particularly the impact from the memory pricing environment which is a headwind at this point. Just to size it for you, the impact of memory on our gross margin is 40 bps sequentially and 110 bps on a year over year basis. So they are meaningful impacts, and I think that is what I think probably you're referring to.
Amit Daryanani: Got it. That's really helpful. And I guess if I could just follow up on the Services line. I mean you guys talked about it a fair amount earlier, but even if you exclude the one-time gain, it looks like the back half of 2017 accelerated by 500 basis points in fiscal 2017 versus the first half of 2017. Qualitatively or quantitatively, is there a way to think about how much of this is from expanding of the installed base, which is one of the three things you mentioned I think, versus more dollar per iOS device that you see?
Luca Maestri: Yes. I think it's both. As I mentioned, particularly on the App Store, which is very important to us, the number of paying accounts has grown a lot. It's grown a lot because, as you said, the installed base has grown, but also because we have made a number of changes that have made it easier for our customers around the world to participate on the App Store and be able to transact on the App Store. We are accepting, for example, more forms of payment today than we were 12 months ago or even 6 months ago. So that's been very important. We also see that there is a typical spending curve for our customers. When they start transacting on the Store, they start at a certain level and they tend over time to get more familiar with the Store and they start to spend more. We're also now, very recently, made some changes, as you probably have seen, to the design of the App Store. And I was mentioning to you in the prepared remarks that these changes have been received very favorably. And so people now are spending more time on the Store, they download more apps, and that over time translates into monetization. But we also have other businesses that are growing very, very fast and actually accelerating. I mentioned Music. I mentioned iCloud, and so it all adds up. And as you correctly point out, our growth rate is accelerating.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Amit. Could we have the next question please?