
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research. Please proceed.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you very much and congratulations not only on the great end to the year, but confidence into next -- not next quarter and next year in terms of growth, investment, et cetera. We met recently at E3 with your gaming team and heard a lot about the steps that were being taken. Satya, can you give us more color, explanation -- excuse me, on how you see the gaming business fitting into the overall company's direction over next the few years, specifically how does gaming change? How does the synergy between gaming and the rest of the business change? How should we think about that overall mix and that whole [ph] morph that’s going to occur? Thanks.
Satya Nadella: Sure. First, I’d say we are in gaming because of what we believe are going to be the secular changes in the gaming addressable market for us. We’ve always had a gaming position with console as well as the PC, but going forward, we think that any endpoint can in fact be a great endpoint for high-end games, which is where our structural position is. And we now have a business model with Game Pass as well as all the supporting mechanisms for Game Pass like game streaming, we’ve a social network in Xbox Live that is the best in the business. So I feel we are well positioned to what is going to be a much larger market than what was traditionally gaming, in spite of all the success we’ve had over the years in gaming. Now the second point is that it builds on the rest of the cloud investment. So, if you think about what we are doing with xCloud, it's a hero workload on top of Azure. So when we think about capital allocation, what’s happening in the Cloud, what’s happening in the Edge, how we build the network to optimize for streaming the same infrastructure, for example, is what Sony has decided to use as well, and be on Azure as well as use our AI capability. So, you will see significant synergies in terms of the architectural platform underneath gaming, Microsoft 365, Dynamics 365, LinkedIn all being the same.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you. I appreciate it and congrats.
Michael Spencer: Thanks, Mark. Operator, we will take the next question, please.