
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Heather Bellini: Great. Satya, I had a question for you on Azure. I was just wondering if you could talk about the percentage of Azure revenue coming from ISVs. And then how do you see this helping you compete with AWS? And can you talk about why these partners may be choosing you over the competition? Thank you.
Satya Nadella: Sure, let me take that second part in terms of what is our differentiation. And I think in my remarks, I pointed out the couple of dimensions. But overall, I believe this hyperscale plus hybrid architecturally helps us a lot with enterprise customers because we meet them where their realities are today and also the digital transformation needs going forward, so that's one massive advantage we have. The second area for us is also the nexus between what's happening in Office 365, Dynamics 365, AppSource. And in fact, this last quarter, some of the most strategic announcements were all around our application platform. At our partner conference, there was a significant amount of excitement with the tools that we announced like PowerApps and Power BI, Azure functions and Flow. These are tools that our developers and system integrators and solution partners will use in order to be able to customize applications around Azure. And so to me that's another huge advantage and a competitive differentiation for us. And then lastly, we have the best support for what I would say is the most open platform for all developers. Not only is .NET first class but Linux is first class, Java is first class. Azure Container service cuts across both containers running on Windows, running across Linux. So again, it speaks to the enterprise reality. So those would be the places where we are fairly differentiated, and that's what you see us gaining both for enterprise customers and ISVs. The question you asked is an interesting one, which is if I had to slice it by classic ISVs, it would be one-third or so of our revenue. But the thing that – the first question that Keith asked is probably more indicative of what's happening, which is every customer is also an ISV. So every customer who starts off consuming Azure is also turning what is their IP in most cases into an ISV solution, which ultimately will even participate in AppSource. So at least the vision that we have is that every customer is a digital company that will have a digital IP component to it, and that we want to be able to partner with them in pretty unique ways.
Amy E. Hood: I would also add, Heather, the importance of the motion in our field organization and go-to-market with ISVs is incredibly high in terms of selling with and along with those ISVs, both making them successful and thereby helping us build very important scale through the platform. And we've seen a lot of improvement in the past four quarters on that front.
Heather Bellini: Great, thank you.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks, Heather.
Chris Suh: Thank you, Heather. We'll move to the next question, please.