
Operator: We will now open the lines for a question-and-answer session. Your first question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan.
Douglas T. Anmuth: Great. Thanks for taking the question. One for Mark and one for Dave. Mark, so you focused on bringing people together and clearly have this massive platform with strong engagement, but can you talk about some of the business opportunities for Facebook on the platform away from advertising, and where you're most focused there? And then Dave, just on the OpEx, can you talk about kind of more specifically where some of the incremental costs would fall that take the previous low end of the range here off the table, given what you've seen over the last couple months? Thanks.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: I could take the first question. So we think that ads is a great business model that is aligned with our mission. We want to build a service that can help connect everyone around the world, so we want to offer that service for free and have it be affordable, and that's completely aligned with what we're trying to do. So even when we do other things, like we're running tests of payments, we have Marketplace which is growing and doing well, there may be other ways that we could think about making money from those, but in general our strategy is to offer those services at cost and make it so that businesses can bid what it is worth to them to run ads in the system. We think that that is both the most efficient way to run the business, it offers every business in the world the lowest prices that we can potentially offer, and it provides a great free service to people around the world. I know that a lot of people have had questions about the business model, and this is something that I just think we at Facebook are very proud of. And we think that it is the right way to build a service that connects everyone around the world.
David M. Wehner: Hey, Doug. It's Dave. So if you recall, it's very consistent with what we've been talking about the last couple of quarters which is the acceleration of expense growth is really driven by three factors. So it's the investments that we're making in safety and security, it's the content investments we're making to support Watch, and then finally it's the innovation initiatives around our longer term bets like AI, AR, VR and connectivity. So it's those three factors. If I had to point to what's really leading us to tighten the range, it's really the first factor which is the safety and security investments. Specifically, we're putting more behind that more quickly than we anticipated, and so that's where you're going to see it come up. If you look at the current results from this quarter, you'll see that our sales and marketing expense grew 51% in the quarter – one of the – year-over-year. One of the factors driving that is that's where we're categorizing our community operations investment and other operations teams that support the quality initiatives and the safety initiatives. So you're already seeing some of that getting picked up in the quarter and you'll see that carry through in the year.