
Operator: From Credit Suisse, we'll hear from Kulbinder Garcha. Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Thanks, just a couple questions for me. Luca, I just want to clarify that last point on ASPs on iPhone because last quarter it seemed that you were quite clear that that was a negative driver to the gross margin of the company. So I understand there are other drivers going into the September quarter. But just to be clear, the phone units you didn't sell through that were depleted in channel inventory, those are relatively high gross margin as well. That's the clarification. And then for Tim, on the Services side, as Apple has spoken more and more loudly I guess in the last three or four quarters, I just think about some of the comments you've made about the TV market and how it's been stuck I think in the 1960s and the 1970s and the experience hasn't changed. I understand you've got the Apple TV box out. But in terms of driving actual video-on-demand services, is that something that Apple wants to do themselves? Do you want a partner? Could you even build content? How do you think about that as an actual business opportunity as opposed to here's an Apple box and we sell some units, but it's not that meaningful to the overall company in terms of size? I'm just curious given the installed base and users you have. Thanks.
Luca Maestri: Kulbinder, on your question on iPhone ASP, I'm not sure if I understood it correctly. But clearly the iPhone SE has a downward impact on iPhone ASP, of course, because it comes at the low end of the range. From a gross margin perspective, it is slightly dilutive to company margins, but the impact is not particularly large. Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Okay, okay.
Timothy Donald Cook: On the Apple TV question, the introduction of Apple TV and tvOS last October and the subsequent OS releases and what's coming out this fall, think of that as building the foundation for what we believe can be a broader business over time. And so I don't want to be more precise than that. But you shouldn't look at what's there today and think we've done what we want to do. We've built a foundation that we can do something bigger off of. Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Okay, thank you.
Timothy Donald Cook: Thank you for the question.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Kulbinder. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks as a podcast on the iTunes Store, as a webcast on Apple/investor, and via telephone. And the numbers for the telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 4944387. These replays will be available by approximately 5 PM Pacific Time today. And members of the press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414. Financial analysts can contact Joan Hoover or me with additional questions. Joan is at 408-974-4570, and I'm at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us.