
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rick Sherlund with Nomura. Please proceed.
Rick Sherlund: Thanks for Satya, could you talk about the implications of Windows 10 for a moment? I am thinking in terms of the new platform for innovation and maybe you can talk about post-sale monetization. What do you think the impact is on demand in the industry and the opportunities for Microsoft around the new platform?
Satya Nadella: Thanks Rick for the question. As I said in my remarks, I am very optimistic about what Windows 10 means for our customers, partners and Microsoft. The core idea of Windows 10 is to build a device operating system that spans the gamut from no screens to small screens, to PCs and even large screens. In fact if you look at our innovation, we're perhaps unique in the large screen innovation that we're doing with Surface Hub, Hollow Lands as well as some of the two-in-one form factors. So overall I think the most strategic objective for us is to get developer momentum with Windows 10 and that's where we're focusing on with a lot of different actions. One is the one unified developer platform, which I think is perhaps the most strategic piece of Windows 10 along with the unified store. And now couple that with the call we've made to provide an upgrade offer. We're creating great opportunity for every developer to write these universal windows application that will run on the desktop as well as on our phone and tablets, as well as on Surface Hub and in fact Hollow Lands runs universal applications.` No one else provides that kind of a unified market place for developers and especially the changes we've made to the desktop user interface means these universal applications are in fact very naturally discoverable right where we have high usage, which is the desktop. So that's the combination of things that we think are going to play out effectively and of course we're in beta right now or previews right now and getting daily feedback across the length and breadth of Windows 10, but overall I am very optimistic of what it means, both as a platform as well as a set of end user features.
Chris Suh: Thanks Rick. Operator, we'll take the next question please.