
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Kash Rangan: Hi, Satya, my nine-year-old kid insists that the Minecraft is the best thing for his brain development. So whatever it is congratulations. But serious question is with cash repatriation obviously Microsoft has the ability to bring back a lot of money. I'm wondering what the priorities of the company are with respect to doing a large strategic deal or not so perhaps, and perhaps even share repurchases and dividends. Clearly, this is once-in-a-lifetime opportunity and there is a lot that can be done. Curious, how you think about this. Thank you so much.
Satya Nadella: I'll actually let Amy.
Amy Hood: Yeah, why don't I take this. Number one I would say, we have - when we have seen an opportunity to invest, we have not really waited for tax reform to do that. Our opportunity, the TAM, really the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity is really the technical transition and digital transformation that's occurring now. And so, we've invested to make that happen. We made acquisitions when they made sense. We have used the capital markets and the debt market to fund those to make sure that we made the right investments to grow our business. And so for us, we also didn't wait when we thought about capital return. Even this quarter, we returned almost all of our free cash flow generation in dividends and share repurchase. And we've been on that path for a number of years. Now, that being said, I am pleased obviously, to be able to access the cash more easily and not has to go through the debt market to be able to make these choices. Whether it's investment in ourselves, and the returns you've seen in this quarter in revenue growth, whether it's the acquisitions like LinkedIn that are performing better than we expected. And I think today, we would even say it's a more strategic asset than we even maybe thought a year ago in terms of the power of it to add to our graph and our understanding. And then, be able to return capital. So for me, while I appreciate the spirit behind the question, for us we have felt a necessity to do that for years, as a part of total shareholder return and our commitment to do that. And I think we've done a good job. And I'm proud of what we've done, and I'm proud and excited for what we can continue to do.
Kash Rangan: Terrific. Thanks so much.
Chris Suh: Thank you, Kash. We'll take one - the next question, please. We'll move to the next question please, Ria.