
Operator: Our next question comes from Walter Pritchard from Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard: Hi. Amy, just for you on the annuity, it looks like annuity was about 82% of the commercial revenue for the last two quarters. How high do you think that goes? It sounds like you do expect that to continue to go up, although it probably never gets to 100%.
Amy Hood: I do think over the long term you're right. That is how I think about it. And frankly, inherent in the conversation around moving to the cloud with the aggressive targets we've given, that is implied, to your point. And so I think 100% is not the logical answer. There will always be somebody who chooses to purchase on a one-time basis, or there's a logic to it. But I do think over time, we do expect that to trend in that general direction.
Walter H. Pritchard: And then, Satya, you mentioned CRM in your comments, your prepared comments, which we haven't really heard you talk that much about as an area of interest in the past. I'm wondering. What changed in your view, or how do you look to bring that into it sounds like more the core productivity scenario that you deliver?
Satya Nadella: Overall, business process collaborations, communications, these category boundaries are things that I believe are going to change. I've always felt that in some sense, most of the time we even automate business processes, but we spend really getting our business done in our communication and collaboration tools. And this impedance is something that I've always dreamt of how do we go forward. And CRM has taken our own Dynamics product, has taken some pretty unique approaches. And quite frankly, I was the one who opened up our communications and collaborations for other CRM vendors. One of the things that I'm very explicit about is we will have an open platform for other business process applications because it's a very fragmented market the world over, especially if you add SMB. And so we want to be having a platform play as well as our own business applications play, and both of them should be high-growth for us. And in the last year, we just added more focus and we put more selling capacity around it, more marketing capacity, and now for the mainstream that's across Microsoft because I'm a big believer in this because I think we have something unique to add. As opposed to driving our own top line/bottom line growth, I think we can bring real innovation, and that's what is exciting to see. And it's not just CRM. I'm actually excited about our ERP business. Some of the numbers that Amy talked about is growth in the seats. And when I think about data as the new currency, we have lots of managed seats and a lot of data which all will move to the cloud. And so things like Power BI and Cortana Analytics can help customers transform. So in fact, that's one of the reasons why we have been very optimistic about some of our new data capabilities because we have the attach capability go out even in the install base of Dynamics.
Amy Hood: And, Walter, just quickly, this is one of the areas that we have invested in actually leading into this past fiscal year, FY 2015. And the results have actually been better than we anticipated when we first made the investment. So I think we both feel very good about the momentum that's built through the year.
Walter H. Pritchard: Great, thank you.
Chris Suh: Thank you, Walter. We'll go to the next question, please.