
Operator: And we'll hear from Brian White with Drexel.
Brian White: Tim, could you talk a little bit about the next leg of growth in China? Obviously, Apple has done a phenomenal job there, but where do we see the next leg coming from? And also, you mentioned investing in India. Where do you see that over the next two to three years? I think there's 1 billion mobile subscribers there, almost the size of China. Thank you.
Tim Cook: Yeah. Brian, good question. In terms of China, the LTE penetration as of the end of last October, which is the last data I've got, was in the mid-20s. And so there's an enormous upgrade cycle there for people that are still running on 3G handsets. Also, I've talked about this before, but I think it's worth mentioning again, because it's easy to lose perspective with some of the things you read every day, is that the middle-class in China was less than 50 million people in 2010, and by 2020, it's projected to be about half a billion. And so there's just an enormous number of people moving into the middle-class. And we think this provides us a great opportunity to win over some of those customers into the Apple ecosystem. And so I think the demographics are great. We're continuing to invest in retail stores. Angela and her team have been on this very aggressive rollout plan. We now have 28 stores in Greater China and we're on target to have 40 in the summertime of this year. And so we're continuing on distribution. Obviously, we've got product things in mind and are crafting our products and services with China heavily in mind. We remain very bullish on China and don't subscribe to the doom and gloom kind of predictions frankly. In India, India is also incredibly exciting. India's growth, as you know, is very good. It's quickly becoming the fastest growing BRIC country. It's the third largest smartphone market in the world, behind China and the United States. The population of India is incredibly young. The median age there is 27. I think of the China age being young, at 36, 37 and so 27 is unbelievable. Almost half the people in India are below 25. And so I see the demographics there also being incredibly great for a consumer brand and for people that really want the best products. And as you know, we've been putting increasingly more energy in India. India revenue for us in Q1 was up 38%. We also had currency issues in India, as everybody else did. Constant currency growth was 48%. And so it's a very rapidly expanding country. And I think the government there is very interested economic reforms and so forth that I think all speak to a really good business environment for the future.
Brian White: Okay, great. Thank you.
Tim Cook: Yeah.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Brian. Could we have the next question please?