
Operator: The next question is from the line of Lloyd Walmsley from Deutsche Bank.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks for taking the question. Another one on Messenger. So, you guys have talked of building – the importance of building organic consumer-to-business interaction here. So wondering if you can share what sort of adoption you are seeing in those kind of interactions. And are there certain verticals or geos where it's really taking off? And then a second, if I can. We've talked a lot, obviously, already about ad impression growth and how it's set to slow in the second half. You're already seeing a big slowdown in impression growth in the first half. And yet, as you've noted, with supply growth slowing, pricing has gone up, as you've added a lot of ROA as to your customers. So wondering why should this phenomenon not continue to carry ad revenue growth in the second half?
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: I'll take this. So, there have been a number of questions about Messenger. And in general, we're seeing – I'm happy with the rate of growth in the experiences that we're seeing on Messenger. But if there's one message here that I think is actually important to say, it's that we're trying to communicate that the pace of growing the Messenger business, it's a longer-term thing. I actually think over the next couple of years or few years, the much bigger driver of the business and determinant of how we do is going to be video, not Messenger. Messenger, I think, is a really important thing and WhatsApp over a three- to five-year period, and we're investing a lot in it. I think it's a huge opportunity. But as has been noted on the call, video is both at large scale and the economics are quite different from the current feed-based businesses that we have today, especially around how, with mid-roll ads and rev share around that, the margin structure will be different. So, I mean, one of the big questions that we're focused on as we build this out, we're very committed to building it out because it's what people in the community want. But one of the big things that we're really very focused on is making sure that we get this right so that even though this business will likely be – not likely, I think almost certainly will be a lower margin source of revenue than the current thing that we do, there's this big question of how incremental is that behavior going to be. And I'm just throwing this context out there because so many of the questions here today have been about Messenger, and I want to make sure on these calls that we do an accurate and a full job of conveying what we're actually thinking about as a business and what we think the outlook is going to be. And I think that those questions around video, which I'm optimistic about, but there are real questions there that we need to manage well, is going to be a much bigger driver of the business over the next two to three years likely even than the trajectory of what we're doing on Messenger and WhatsApp.
David M. Wehner: And, Lloyd, you asked about why the good work that we've done so far in basically providing value for advertisers is playing through into price. Look, that's not just happening. That's a bunch of hard work that goes into making our ads more targeted that makes the outcomes that advertisers get more valuable. We're going to continue to work to do that, and we're going to continue to invest in making improvements in the ad products, and we think there are great opportunities to continue to make improvements to ROI. But obviously, if you have rising prices, it's going to make that work against an upstream trend, so we need to continue to work hard to deliver more value for advertisers in the face of that. So we've got our work cut out for us, and we think we've got a great team working on those challenges.
Deborah Crawford: Operator, we're going to take one last question.