
Operator: Your next question is from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Justin Post: Thank you. Dave, maybe you could help us breakdown the 55% ad revenue growth a little bit. Between usage, kind of are you increasing ad loads at all? Maybe you talk about the formats or is Instagram helping at all, just a little granularity on that or maybe it's just a format shift, but just help us understand what the key drivers are and how much room you still have to go on each of these things. Thank you.
David M. Wehner: Yeah, Justin. So in terms of the 55% revenue growth, obviously, it's mobile News Feed is what's driving it from a fundamental point of view. In terms of what the opportunity there is to drive it, it's really about increasing the relevance and quality of the ads. That's been a key part of what we've been doing, and that will just continue to be the big driver in the near- and medium-term. And we're doing that on a number of different fronts. Part of it's about finding the right format, so it's getting the video units there for the people for whom video ads are going to make sense. It's getting the dynamic products ads in front of people for people who are going to find those ads interesting and engaging. And it's really just continuing to learn more and more about the people who are using Facebook and what types of ads they interact with and the like. And so that's part of what we're trying to do across the board. And then at the same time, we're bringing more and more advertisers into the system and that's giving us a better selection of the ads that we can serve to the people using Facebook, and that, again, improves the quality and the relevance. So the main thing that we're seeing drive this is just improving the quality and the relevance of the ads experience for the people using Facebook, and I think that's going to continue to be the story. I think the specific ads will be part of how we do that, but it won't be the only way. It will also be the targeting that we have and the targeting capabilities that we're doing with things like Custom Audiences and getting better and better at that. So there's a lot of different fronts that we're working on. It's hard to tease out every individual component of it. But all in all, we're really pleased with the revenue growth that we're seeing. And also, that's coupled with good engagement growth, so we're doing a nice balance of having an experience that's working well for our advertisers but it's also working really well for the people who are using Facebook.