
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my question. There are two. In early June you rolled out some new CPC measurement methods about how the changes in the clicks and the CPCs are measured. Just being curious about kind of early findings you see in ad engagement growth, average price per ad, and then the advertiser feedback or change in budgeting since you've rolled out these CPC measurement changes? And then the second one, the North American advertising results are really strong, I think you had accelerating growth. Sheryl, could you just call out any specific ad products that are driving this faster North American ad growth? Thanks.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: On the first, we're always trying to improve our ad products so marketers can buy what they want and pay as they want to pay. We recently announced that we're updating the definition of CPC so that includes only websites and apps. But you can also buy on a cost per engagement basis, and that include likes, comments, and shares. It's too early to see any direct impact, but I think it's part of the innovation that you'll see from us as we continue to roll out different ways that marketers can use our tools, different ways they can pay, different results they can target. When you look at our overall growth, our growth is very broad-based. We're broad-based against all of our segments of marketers, so brand and direct response, SMBs and developers. Definitely a part of the story here is video. Our video demand is very deep. People love the format of video. It's long been used to reach people in a compelling way, and we can do targeting in a way that's really unique. So I'll share another example. Wendy's, working with their agency, VML, launched their Jalapeno Fresco Spicy Chicken product and they were trying to reach millennials and spicy food lovers. So working with us, they did five video ads, and on our platform, they could not just do the video format but they could target millennials and people who like spicy food, which is very specific targeting. They got an eight-point lift in ad recall and a four-point lift in purchase intent among their millennial target. And so what that shows is our growth is being driven by the ability of us to do this broad-based consumer media advertising but do it in a more targeted way.
David M. Wehner: Yeah. And I think, Brian, you were also commenting on North America. Obviously, it's probably, everybody realizes this, but the big disparity between the U.S.-Canada growth rates versus the other regions like Europe and the rest of world are the currency headwinds, which had a very significant impact to the year-over-year advertising growth rates in those regions.