
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my questions. I have two. The first one, Sheryl, you talked about video and increasing the overall video consumption. Can you talk about where you are on traction with video advertising and the adoption of video ad units and the impact of video in the quarter? And then secondly, just breaking down the advertising by cohort, could you talk to points of strength or weakness across direct response versus branded advertisers in the quarter? Thanks.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: Sure, I'll take the second one first. Our growth was really broad-based, and we grew across all of our marketer segments this quarter. That's direct response, brands, SMBs, and developers. Our direct response business continues to be very strong. It's very ROI-focused, and we continue to invest and roll out products that help people. So for example, Lead Ads, where people can fill out forms on a mobile device, take their contact info from Facebook, we've rolled that out fully this quarter. And that enables people to use Facebook in a very direct to response way, and we'll continue to invest there. Video ads are really exciting. It's worth noting that video ads take place on another avenue, and receipts are not all of the revenue incrementals (28:55). But as consumer engagement with video has continued to grow, that creates more and more of an opportunity for video ads. Marketers have always loved video because it's a really compelling way to reach people. And now we can reach them on mobile all day with those kind of messages. Importantly, marketers have to adjust sometimes. While the 30-second ad does perform well in News Feed, we also see people understanding that some of the formats are different. Creating shorter ads, creating ads that can work even without sound, more personal ads has really mattered. One example is Toyota used Facebook for the launch of the RAV4 Hybrid with Saatchi in Los Angeles. They used a very broad video to drive brand awareness. They reached over 36 million people in a target demo within three days. Then, and this is where it gets even more interesting, they retargeted people who watched the video with over 500 personalized video ads which were optimized for Facebook and Instagram. So they were creating a direct response campaign to get people to take specific actions like requesting a quote and finding a specific dealer. We saw a 14-point lift in ad recall, a seven-point lift in message association. And right now, we're using the Lift tool to continue to measure their sales for the 30 and 60 days beyond the campaign to see what happens. And we're pretty excited about what that shows in terms of how video can be used in a really broad-based way but also a more personal way.