
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Post from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post: Thank you. Mark, first, on Facebook engagement. There are some questions about usage. And when you look at the engagement, do you see it stable? I think you mentioned that earlier. And does that include some of the changes you've made on video earlier in the year? And then, secondly, some usage may be moving over to Instagram. When you look at Facebook plus Instagram, how do you feel about how that usage is trending? Thank you.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: Sure. So I mean across the whole family of apps, I mean all of this engagement is growing quickly and we're very happy with how we're enabling people to share. As I said, the vast majority or the majority of the growth that we're seeing in sharing is coming from private messaging and story sharing. So that's kind of the big thing. The basic story that we've seen within the Facebook app is, over the last few years, the amount of time that people were spending in the app was increasing primarily because people were consuming more public content, like passive video consumption and news. But it was coming at the expense of people interacting with each other as much. So interactions were down. And we got a lot of feedback from people saying that's not what they wanted. We don't think that that's what we're uniquely here to do. It's not the mission of the company. So we felt like that was not sustainable. So we've made a lot of shift this year, which I've talked a lot about on a bunch of these calls, to encourage more meaningful social interactions instead. And we have seen that those changes have improved the trajectory of how people are interacting. Now, at the same time that we have intentionally reduced time spent on certain things, like lower-quality viral videos, some news, some passive content, but that's what I was talking about before when I said that now the trend – and you can kind of look at it in developed markets and developing. In developed markets, it is stable and we feel like we're pretty close to saturation in a lot of countries, like the U.S. And in developing countries, where a lot of people are still getting on the Internet, it continues to grow at a fast rate. And we think that there's a lot more connecting in community that people want there. So that's kind of what we're seeing overall. Across the whole family, I would say it's very positive. On Facebook overall, I feel like we have a handle on what the drivers of this are and we're kind of driving it to be what people tell us they want and what we think is going to be sustainable over time. That's the picture that we have.