
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Mushkin with Wolfe Research.
Scott Mushkin: Hey, guys, so I wanted to go back to, and I think you said one of the biggest focuses of the year is going to be on the consumables now, Fresh, Whole Foods. There's been a lot of press on the Whole Foods front, the out-of-stock issue and then clearly, in the Now, as we've been testing it, the Fresh has the same issue. So I was wondering if you guys could talk about what the company plans to do. I mean, there is obviously the reputational risk that could come from that to kind of correct some of these issues and kind of what the view of the company is on the out-of-stock issues. Not just the Whole Foods but just generally across the consumables business in Fresh and Now.
Brian Olsavsky: Yes, let me just back it to a more general statement. I'd say Whole Foods is not less in their commitment to providing the best selection of high-quality products and having them in stock for customers. We've made no changes post acquisition that would have impacted anything related to in stock, except perhaps the fact that the price decreases have brought up demand and there's an amount of rebalancing related to that. So I think the out-of-stock issue is that -- may be getting press or tied more to the increased demand that we're seeing and also selective weather-related restocking issues. But stepping beyond any short-term issues, the commitment is -- remains to have healthy, high-quality selection in stock for products. That's what the Whole Foods team is committed to. That's what the Amazon team, with them, is committed to, and also across any delivery channel that we have, AmazonFresh, Prime Now or Whole Foods. So where there's issues, they'll be corrected. Where there's areas we can improve our selection and delivery for customers, we'll do so. But it be something we're working on. So the immediacy, the perishability are all challenges everyone has in this area, but we're confident that we will have a good service and continue to delight customers.