
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Jennifer Lowe with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Jennifer Swanson Lowe: Great. Thank you. I know you mentioned GitHub is closing soon. It's obviously not closed yet. But given you've got a few months under your belt now since it was announced and an opportunity to solicit some feedback from the developer communities that maybe aren't using Microsoft technologies on a regular basis, but are very active with GitHub, do you have a sense yet of what the opportunities might be to do outreach to those developers that might be working closely with competing platforms? And how closely you can kind of hug them into the Microsoft ecosystem versus just leaving GitHub as sort of a self-sustaining entity now that you have a little bit more opportunities to discuss that with customers in the field?
Satya Nadella: Sure. First of all, thank you for the question. We're very excited about GitHub closing. And quite frankly, primarily I'm excited because for us, as I've always said, GitHub is not a means to some other end. It's an end on to its own, which is, we've always cared about developer and developer productivity and especially at a time like this when there are more developers outside of the tech industry as the world goes digital. We think this is perhaps one of the big SaaS opportunities going forward. And so therefore that's why we want to ensure that everything we do and the number one priority for Nat and team at GitHub will be all about maintaining that GitHub community, the ethos around developers at the core. That said, I think we will do what is necessary to make sure that our products and services that are on Azure or elsewhere, our tooling, which are already many open source projects on GitHub, we do a good job of earning that developer trust and developer adoption. But we are very grounded in the fact that it has to be earned and not something that we will inherit because of being owners of GitHub. The second thing I'll also mention is that, to me the opportunity to win, I would say, new class of developers, we are making progress. In fact, this morning I was reading a news article in Hacker News, which is a community where we have been working hard to make sure that Azure is growing in popularity. And I was pleasantly surprised to see that we have made a lot of progress, in some sense, that at least basically said that we are neck to neck with Amazon when it comes to even elite developers as represented in that community. So we have more work to do, but we're making progress on all dimensions.
Jennifer Swanson Lowe: Great. Thank you.
Michael Spencer: Thanks, Jen. Operator, we'll move to the next question, please.