
Operator: Our next question is from Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Heath Terry: Great. Thanks. Looking at the active customer account number, it looks like growth slowed pretty significantly, about 10 percentage points. Just curious if you can give us a sense of anything that might be throwing that number off, assuming we're reading it the right way? And then, as you roll out on AWS – as you roll out the fixed new Availability Zones over the course of this year, is there a way to quantify what kind of an impact that's going to have on the capacity at AWS?
Phil Hardin: So I'll take the first part of your question about active customers. So as we look at our metrics and what information we provide each year, we often make some changes. So this quarter, we only gave the active customers with a paid purchase in the trailing 12 months, and so that number was more than $285 million. I think that's pretty similar to the trends that we've seen in that metric. Now in the past, sometimes we had also given a total active customers count, and so that number for this quarter was over $310 million. So that may be where you're making the statement about the slowdown in growth, but the trajectory was very similar from prior quarters for both of those numbers. But we opted just to give the other one, but you now have the number for the total number of customers.
Brian T. Olsavsky: And on your AWS footprint question, so we ended the quarter with 33 Availability Zones in 12 geographic regions, and we have five – 11 more Availability Zones opening in the next year. The impact on capital, yes, there will be additional capital investment as we built out those zones. Some of it has already taken place. But I will also say that by and large, the largest increases in capital leases is to support the growth of incremental usage of customers we have now and agreements we have now. So – and you should expect to see us continue to invest and support this business. We're very, very – we have a leadership position, we intend to maintain it and we're very excited about where we are.