
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Post from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post: Great. A couple things. First, we had a lot of political activity obviously in Q4. Did that contribute anything abnormally to revenues or users? Second question, and I know you'll be getting a lot of this over the next two or three months, but just any difference on trends – Millennials on the platform versus other cohorts or groups? Just thinking about how those are trending versus the other groups. And then finally, I think we've seen some ads on Messenger being tested in certain regions of the world. Any commentary on that would be helpful. Thank you.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: Yeah. I'll take a few of those. So on elections, we run a very large and diversified business. So there are these events that are obviously big like the U.S. elections, the World Cup, Super Bowl, but there are enough of these all around the world that no one event is that big for our business. Even last quarter, political spending even within the U.S. alone was not a top-10 vertical for us. When you think about ads in Messenger, we right now are really focused on consumer growth and engagement because we know that over time that creates the monetization opportunity. We're seeing a lot of organic connections between businesses and consumers. We're now per month at a billion messages sent between people and businesses, and we think that's very promising for our ability for people to use this platform to make those connections that will ultimately drive business opportunities. We're in the very early stages, some of those ads you're seeing of exploring how to build more of these connections. But right now, we're going to remain focused on user experience and the experimentation we're doing.
David M. Wehner: Yeah. And Justin, just adding to the question on elections, I'd also point out that our reported daily active and monthly active numbers reflect usage in December. So even for the U.S. that doesn't really pick up the election period just because of the way that we tabulate those results. On Millennials, we were really pleased – this was a fantastic quarter for overall growth of the Facebook community, our strongest absolute MAU and DAU additions year-over-year since being a public company, so really pleased with that. So within that context, we're not breaking out specific cohorts, but we remain a great place for advertisers to reach Millennials. And Instagram is obviously another great place to reach Millennials, and we continue to build our products to serve a wide variety of audiences, including Millennials as well.