
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. Thank you, guys, for taking the question, and a very nice quarter. I think one of the highlights of the past year has definitely been the expense control, and I guess you could call it, like a normalized OpEx growth of just 1% in the quarter, continues to be very impressive. How should investors, and how should we think about the sustainability of that expense control. Or how long can you keep sort of investing for these growth initiatives, like cloud, yet keep your overall OpEx growth rate so low on a go forward basis?
Satya Nadella: Let me start, and then I’ll have Amy add. Overall, the core of how I want us to approach expenses is to make sure that we are not limited in our ability to invest in categories where we have unique things to, contribute. So we’re going to do that though, with great discipline, and that’s what I think you’ve seen us do over the course of the last year, and we’ll continue to exhibit that. But at the same time, we will not shrink away from our ability to go put investment, be it in sales, marketing or product R&D, when we clearly have unique things in secular categories of growth. And that’s something that we have the capability of doing, and we want to be able to do that in a disciplined way.
Amy Hood: And I would just add, I generally think about two key items that we’ve been able to think about, across the leadership team. First is, I think we have exhibited an increasing ability, over the course of the year, to reallocate during the year, both at the organization level and at the team level, to make sure our dollars are going to the highest ROI things. And secondly, I think it’s a general belief held at the highest levels of the company, that operating efficiency increases our ability to be responsive, both to the needs of our customers, as well as innovate faster inside this place. And I think when you take those two things, along with what Satya said, being able to balance disciplined focus and execution for us, I think we feel very good about the progress we’ve made.
Keith Weiss: Yes. Thank you.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Keith. Next question, please, operator.