
Operator: The next question will come from Samik Chatterjee with JPMorgan.
Samik Chatterjee: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to start-off with the announcement at WWDC around the independent App Stores for the Watch and the iPad. What level of interest have you seen from developers and how are they thinking about the ability to monetize services independently on those App Stores? And how does that help you position wearables more firmly into the health and fitness category?
Tim Cook: We're seeing good interest across virtually everything that we announced at WWDC. I couldn't be happier with it. The developer tools around ARKit and AR in general that I went through earlier, lots of interest there, lots of interest from the Watch App Store, to the Catalyst that will be released with macOS Catalina, which allows developers quickly to port a iOS app to the Mac. We think this is huge and so great for the user experience. And so, you look at all of these and all the things that I talked about earlier and I couldn't be happier with the reception that we're getting and the work that is going on behind the scenes right now for the developers readying their apps for the fall.
Samik Chatterjee: Got it. If I can just follow-up on the China market, one of the things that we're looking at is going into the New Year into 2020 there'll be a lot of 5G phones launching in that market from the Android players. How do you think about the competitive landscape there as you enter next year?
Tim Cook: We don't comment on future products. With respect to 5G, I think most people would tell you, we're in sort of the extremely early innings of it. And even more so on a global basis. So, we couldn't be more proud of what our lineup is and we're excited about the great pipeline of both hardware and software and we wouldn't trade our position for anyone's.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Samik. A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcasts as webcast on apple.com\/investor and via telephone. And the numbers of the telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820, please enter confirmation code 3057347. These replays will be available by approximately 5 Pm Pacific Time today.Members of the press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414. And financial analysts can contact Tejas Gala or me with additional questions. Tejas is at 669-227-2402, and I'm at 408-974-5420. Thanks again for joining us.