
Operator: Toni Sacconaghi with Bernstein has our next question.
Antonio M. Sacconaghi: Yes. Thank you. I have one for Luca and one for Tim please. Luca, I'm wondering as we think about modeling Q4, iPhone ASPs are typically up sequentially about 2% to 4%, sort of low single digits. Perhaps you can help us think through how we should be thinking about Q4. I know you provided some commentary last quarter on how we should be thinking about Q3 ASPs.
Luca Maestri: Toni, as you know, we do not provide guidance for either units or ASPs for any product category, but of course we provided guidance on revenue and that the guidance range implies growth of 16% to 19%. We expect the growth to come from strong growth from iPhone, from services and from wearables, which has been a bit of our pattern during the course of the year. On iPhone ASP, the only thing that I would point out is that obviously we're exiting the June quarter at a significantly higher level than in the past and so that I think is important to keep in mind as we move into the September quarter. It's important to keep in mind the type of revenue growth that we've implied in our guidance.
Antonio M. Sacconaghi: Okay. Thank you. Tim, I was wondering if you could just comment a little bit about the health of the smartphone market. Apple's smartphone iPhone units have been relatively flat for four years and I think you've probably been a share gainer during the period which would suggest at least at the high end of the market, that it's perhaps flat-to-down and I'm wondering if you can comment on, A, whether you believe that and what you think might be happening with replacement cycles. And specifically, also what impact if any you've seen from wider availability and less expensive replacement batteries for iPhones.
Timothy Donald Cook: I think the smartphone market is very healthy. I think it's actually the best market in the world to be in for someone that is in the business that we're in. It's an enormous sized market and whether it grows, from our point of view, whether it grows 1% or 2% or 5% or 6% or 10% or shrinks 1% or 2%, it's a great market because it's just huge. And so that's kind of the way that I view that. iPhone revenues are up 20% for the quarter over last year. We're really pleased with that and if you look at the sort of the cycle, which I'll define as Q1, Q2, Q3 for ease, you'll see that we've grown like mid single digits and on an average weekly sales point of view, and of course double digit on the ASP and so I think it's really healthy. In terms of replacement cycles, as I'd mentioned I think on a previous call, some replacement cycles are lengthening. I think that the major catalyst for that was probably the subsidy plans becoming a much smaller percentage of total sales around the world than they were at one time and so I think that some are lengthening. And, but I think for us, the thing that we always have to do is come out with a really great innovative product, and I think that iPhone X shows that when you deliver a great innovative product, there's enough people there that would like that and it can be a really good business, and so that's how to look at that. In terms of our installed base, which is something very important for us as it is one of the key drivers of services, our active installed base on iPhone grew double digits over last year during the quarter and so we're thrilled with that and you can see that carrying through to the services line and the growth that we had there. In terms of batteries, we have never done an analysis internally about how many people decided to get a lower-priced battery than buy another phone because it was never about that for us. It was always about doing something great for the user and I think if you treat the users and the customers well, then you have a good business over time and so that's how we'd look at that.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Toni.
Antonio M. Sacconaghi: Thank you.
Nancy Paxton: Could we have the next question, please?