
Operator: Our next question comes from like of Jennifer Lowe from UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Jennifer Lowe: Great, thank you. I wanted to turn to the Office 365 Commercial business a bit. And that's been consistent very strong performer for you on and was again this quarter. But maybe just two related questions there. First, if I heard you, right, Satya I think you said there was 180 million users now on Office 365 Commercial which seems like you're hitting a lot of the customers that you thought might be there a couple of years ago. So I was just curious to get your view on how far along you are in that adoption cycle. And if there's still a lot more opportunity in terms of see expansion in the upcoming year? And then related, Amy you mentioned E3 and E5 are both pretty big contributors on the ASP front in the quarter. Are we kind of seeing shifting where E5 is sort of increasing in relevance in E3’s played out a bit or is it sort of equally balancing, just curious to get sort of the mixing there as well? Thank you.
Satya Nadella: Sure. In terms of overall reach of Office 365, we continue to see significant opportunity going forward on multiple dimensions. So for example, we never participated as much in I'd call it non-developed markets, medium and small businesses with all of the sophisticated workloads. So, now that with a SaaS approach, you can reach a much broader base of business customers all over the world, is one opportunity. The second opportunity is, if you look at Teams, as an example, we are now reaching a lot of first-line workers. So this is whether it's in healthcare, whether it's in manufacturing, whether it's in retail, just not knowledge workers, but where you now have messaging solutions, as well as business process workflows integrated. So it's that combination of things going from knowledge workers to first-line going and the ability to reach all sizes of businesses is what's going to continue to help us I think have overall seat growth or socket growth. And then of course, there is the other dimension, which is the levels of Office 365 all the way to E5 with significant value. And the one thing I’d mention is the having compliance security that spans all of these tools, is also proving out to be a very big architectural advantage in a customer value proposition because I think, our customers look to use more SaaS applications, they don't want an exponential increase in their security exposure or more compliance burden. And so therefore, Office 365’s approach resonates even there.
Amy Hood: And Jen maybe a little to your question, which is fundamentally about seat growth and ARPU as the drivers of that all up Office 365 Commercial growth number. This quarter and a little bit last I actually think some of the ARPU increase has been masked by some of the trends in seat growth. What I mean that is that 27% seat growth is starting to include some lower ARPU seats that Satya just mentioned whether that's in academic, in edu, in front-line workers and that's really important for us to keep having that seat growth even if it’s not at the same ARPU level those are not seats that we ever could reach before at any level and that's absolutely new opportunity for us. But it does tend to mask a little some of the ARPU improvement that we've seen, it's still E3 and E5, there’s opportunity on both, although we are starting to see the impact of E5 in net ARPU number.