
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Justin Post: Yeah, thank you. I'd like to maybe dive into a couple of local recent overhangs. First, on shipping partners, just wondering how dependent are you on any shipping partner? And can you talk about any initiatives you've had to build out your own shipping network? I know in some countries that you might be over 50% of the stuff you're delivering. Could talk a little bit about dependency there? And then secondly, on taxes, can you remind us what happened when Amazon started collecting taxes on your own items in various states? And just kind of overview of your view on collecting third-party sales – taxes from third parties in other states if that were to pass? Thank you.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure. Let me start with transportation. We have a great group of carriers that we use globally and you know who they are. But we're also growing our teams and capabilities to ensure that we can keep up with increased volume on our own, particularly around the holiday season. So that's driven a lot of our expansion of Amazon Logistics. It's driven the creation of sort centers. It's driven the purchase of airplanes to move product between points within our delivery network. So we will continue to operate with this combination of external partners and internal capability. We like what we see so far with our Amazon Logistics capability. It's well over 50% in some countries, particularly the UK. It helps with again Prime Now and AmazonFresh and a lot of initiatives that we'll see, which again we mentioned the Prime Now is tied in with Whole Foods, now in 10 cities. So we think it's a core competency that we have and we need to have, and we'll continue to invest in that.
Dave Fildes: Yeah, and Justin, this is Dave, just on the sales tax piece. Today, on the first-party sales, we collect on our own products in all 45 states that have a state-imposed sales tax. On the 3T piece, we do collect on behalf of our sellers in two states, Washington State as of the first of this year, and then Pennsylvania turned on here on April 1. So in terms of your question of sort of impact from the first-party piece that's been coming online, many of those states came on over a period of time to get to that 45 total, going back over many years. So yeah, nothing really more to add on that. I think I would say we do continue to believe that the sales tax issue needs to be resolved at the federal level, and we're actively working with the states, with retailers and Congress to get federal legislation passed. We're not opposed to collecting sales tax within a constitution and permissible system that is both simple and applied evenhandedly.