
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan.
Douglas T. Anmuth: Great, thanks for taking the question, two, if I could. Mark, you visited many different parts of the country over the last several months. Just curious how you're applying what you've learned to Facebook and the broader platform. And then, Dave, can you just give some more color on how things have changed in terms of OpEx and CapEx, just given that you're coming down toward the lower end of the ranges? Thanks.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: So a lot of the themes around building community and bringing people closer together have been underscored by a lot of the experiences that I've had traveling around. And I've tried to write about them. I don't write about each visit that I make on Facebook. But it's been really striking to me when you talk to folks in a lot of different communities how important local institutions and their local communities are for supporting people there. And there's been a clearly documented trend across the world of declining membership in a lot of different kinds of communities. And I think that that's an important problem that is eating at the social fabric not only of our country but around the world that I hope that we can play a role in addressing. And that's not something that we can do directly, but I believe that we can empower people who want to build local communities and want to play a leadership role in their local community to have the tools that they need. And I think if we can do that, then you start bringing people together at a local level. And when people feel more comfortable in their lives at a local level, then I also think that that helps bring people and bring the world closer together at a global level too. So that all has been underscored by a lot of the visits and what I've seen as well as a lot of the research that we've done at Facebook, and it's all reflected in the new mission.
David M. Wehner: Doug, it's Dave. I don't think there's anything that's really fundamentally changed. We are tightening the range to 40% to 45% expense growth due to better visibility. We remain solidly in investment mode. And if anything, we're finding new opportunities to invest in. From the perspective of hiring growth, I'd really point to the fact that we've been consistently accelerating hiring so far in 2017, and I pointed to the fact that we expect to accelerate hiring in the back half of the year as well. And this quarter was the biggest recruiting quarter in terms of net hires ever for Facebook. We're continuing to invest in a number of key areas, hiring engineers to drive the three, five, and 10-year priorities. We're going to be investing in content to help build a platform for content producers to find an audience and monetize. We are also continuing to invest in areas like community operations and other areas. So, we remain solidly in investment mode from a total expense point of view. On CapEx, we still expect to be within the range of $7 billion to $7.5 billion, and we're investing aggressively in our data center footprint to support the global growth that we see. So, I think across the board, we're investing heavily. On head count, I would just point out that our payroll growth tends to lag head count growth, because head count is an end-of-period number, so the acceleration that we're seeing in 2017 will obviously play out in 2018 as well.