
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Ed Maguire with CLSA. Please proceed.
Ed Maguire: Yes. Thank you. Over the last several quarters and particularly Satya, you’ve opened up a number of the products to different platforms, Office in Android and with Minecraft and Skype, you've got a number of really multiplatform products and services. Could you quantify so far to what extent you’ve seen benefit and as this plays into the free upgrade for Windows 10 at least for a limited period, how you expect this to play out benefitting the business case of your products across the portfolio?
Satya Nadella: Yeah so overall at the highest level, our strategy here is to make sure that the Microsoft Services i.e. cloud services be it Azure, Office 365, CRM Online or Enterprise Mobility suite are covering all the devices out there in the marketplace. So that, that way we maximize the opportunity we have for each of these subscription and capacity based services. So that’s the core rational for why we are doing cross platform. Now the next question is what’s the uniqueness of Windows? And the uniqueness of Windows comes because we don’t think of these services and their application end points as apps, but fundamentally core to the Windows experience. So we are building them natively into windows. So for example, when you log into Windows, you are logging in with Microsoft account or Azure ID. When you have files, they are synching with one drive. Outlook is the email client for Windows. So that’s how Windows will differentiate and not to mention, our Gaming and Xbox Live experiences. So overall, we will build a differentiated Windows because our application experiences for our cloud end points will be native in windows and at the same time, we will make sure that our services are available on all end points driving more usage, more subscription growth. So the best way to measure our progress is Office 365 subscription growth, Azure growth and EMS growth.
Ed Maguire: Great. Thank you.
Chris Suh: Great. Thanks. That wraps up the Q&A portion of today’s earning call. We look forward to seeing many of you in the coming months at various investor conferences. For those unable to attend in person, these events will generally be webcast and you can follow our comments at microsoft.com/investor. Please contact us if you need any additional detail and thank you for joining us today.
Amy Hood: Thank you.
Satya Nadella: Thank you.