
Operator: Your next question comes from Lloyd Walmsley from Deutsche Bank.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks. Two if I can. First, can you just talk to us about early learnings from the test of Instagram checkout and what some of the key hurdles are to kind of scaling that more broadly? And then secondly, on OpEx, it looked like you saw a fairly meaningful step up from Q1 to Q2 despite fairly limited head count growth. So, just wondering if there’s anything you would point to there that might explain why those are diverging a little bit in that quarter?
Sheryl Sandberg: I’ll talk about checkouts. So checkout is in, we talk a lot on this call about early stage things, this is earlier than that. We are in a very small closed beta with 23 brands, which for Facebook is about small as something could be. On – obviously, as I said, small, but there is working with the brands, we’re pretty excited by their feedback. We’re not in a rush to scale this quickly. We’re always focused on the consumer experience and we want to make sure we really get this right. I think the way to think about checkout is kind of in a larger picture of what we’re trying to do in terms of commerce and shopping on our services and apps across the board, which is, we obviously have a lot of consumer engagement in our products and that’s great. We obviously have felt some good and robust ad tools that are helping us grow our business quarter-after-quarter. If we can help people close the loop a little more, so they are looking more directly products, that makes our ads more valuable. If we can help people check out and pay for the products and even buy the products, it makes the consumer experience better. It also closes the loop on the data and measurement, we’re going to need going forward. So, we’re excited about these efforts for doing a lot across the board. All of them are in their early stages and we think about this primarily from a consumer and closing the loop point of view more than a monetization in and of itself point of view.
Dave Wehner: And then Lloyd, you were asking about the step-up on the cost side in Q2 versus Q1. A couple of things that I’d point to the cost of revenue was up 49% in Q2, and that’s really the flow-through of depreciation that you’re seeing from the big CapEx build cycle that we’ve been in and that’s starting to flow through in the cost profile of the business. And then if you look at the G&A line, obviously that was impacted by the accrual for the FTC settlement as well as some other legal expenses including the SEC settlement. So, you had some G&A expenses that were higher in the quarter as a result of that.