
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my questions. Two. Just the first one on monetization of Facebook core versus Instagram; can you talk a little bit about how you think about monetization levels and the key drivers currently and, going forward, when we think about ad load, pricing and the importance of ad improvements across the two platforms over the next, call it, year or so? And the second one on Instagram TV, maybe just talk about how you look at – think about the core consumer offering, how it varies from Facebook Watch and, philosophically, how you think about investing in premium content or sports content across these two products. Thanks.
David M. Wehner: Brian, I'll take the first one. In terms of Facebook versus Instagram, they're obviously both contributing to revenue growth. Instagram is growing more quickly and making an increasing contribution to growth. And we've been pleased with how Instagram is growing. Facebook and Instagram are really one ads ecosystem. I think, from a supply perspective, both now from a feed perspective are at similar ad loads. Instagram has more heavy usage of Stories, so that's an area of continued growth opportunity because the effective levels of monetization in Stories are lower. On the demand side, we see a good traction across both platforms, and we're rolling out more ability for advertisers to leverage ads in Stories with more formats and the like. So that's, again, an important opportunity for growth is just continuing to build out more products on the demand side for Stories.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: And I can take the second part of the question about the – what we're trying to do with IGTV and Watch at the same time. The IGTV product approach is very focused on helping people connect with creators in a mobile-native vertical video format and helping people not only see content that they love from people that they want to follow, but build a community around those creators, which is what we see people are trying to do. And creators now uniquely have the ability to both reach a large audience and connect and engage the community through the social network on Instagram at the same time. With Watch, a lot of what we're trying to do is make it so the video content that's on Facebook and some of the content that we're acquiring through original programming that people can come together with their friends to watch that content through things like Watch Party and engage and build community that way. So there's a big space here in terms of helping people have real connections and interactions around video. These are two different takes on this. Overall, what you're going to see from us on video is not just try to optimize for overall watch time, but to optimize for building products that help bring people together and help facilitate real interactions between people.