
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Phil Winslow from Credit Suisse. Philip Alan Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Thanks, guys, and congrats on a great quarter. I just wanted to double-click on Office 365. You guys showed another huge quarter of growth in terms of your consumer seat count, and I think it was 86% growth on the commercial other side for Office 365. I'm wondering if you could just drill into both the consumer and then enterprise side, just the trends you're seeing there. And obviously the guidance you all just provided, it looks like you expect those trends to continue in Q1, so any color there would be great.
Satya Nadella: Yes, I'll take that. Overall, we are very excited about the growth we are seeing in Office 365. On the consumer side, as you noted, we are growing 1 million subs a month, and that's fantastic growth for us. The consumer value, especially now that we have even all the endpoints covered with Office, the definition of Office and where all it's present is also changed, and that all accrues to consumers being willing to have a subscription relationship with us. On the enterprise side, the growth remains very exciting for us, and the growth comes in multiple forms. It comes in the form of just the EAs renewing more to Office 365. It also comes in the form of some of the more comprehensive suites, the E3 and the new E5. That's the commitment we are seeing. And we also see small businesses. I talked about the 50,000 businesses, small and medium-sized businesses each month signing up for Office 365. That's pretty unprecedented. Having been in the server business all my life, I've never seen a lot of the small business customers adopt some of the rich capabilities like it's possible now, and that's great growth as well. And that cloud revenue number that is the 88% is all up cloud revenues inclusive of Office 365, EMS, and Azure. And it's good to see that kind of growth at that kind of scale now with $8 billion.
Amy Hood: One thing I would add, Phil, to that is an important dynamic that we're seeing in Office 365. As we are having this momentum build, in fact we talked about some of the new customers we're adding, and the way we see that is the install base growing. And we were able to see that this quarter across all the core workloads in Office. And when you think about why that's so critical long term, it's our ability to sell some of the workloads Satya actually referenced that will be in E5 when it launches. They have the capability of upgrading on a more consistent basis using more of these premium services. So when you can both add to your install base and add overall market opportunity, we do feel good about our line of sight in that business for our long-term goals. Philip Alan Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Great. Thanks, guys, and congrats again.
Chris Suh: Okay, thank you, Phil. We'll take the next question now, please.