
Operator: Your next question is from Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open.
Peter C. Stabler: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question, one for Sheryl. Sheryl, you guys have talked about your top verticals as being e-commerce, CPG, entertainment media, and gaming. And despite your really significant growth, I can think of some categories where you've got some more considered purchases where you're probably punching below your weight in terms of share, so auto, telecom, travel, financial services. I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about some of the unique challenges with those verticals and how you guys are attacking them. Thanks so much.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: You have our top verticals correct, and we see a lot of strong growth in those verticals. Our top verticals this time are e-commerce, CPG, retail, and entertainment media. We do see growth in the other verticals as well. You're right that historically it took us a longer time to break into some of these, particularly travel and auto were things that took us longer, but we are seeing some really nice traction. I talked about Mary Barra and what she and I did together in New York at Adweek, and we're seeing them not just use the platform for advertising but really use the platform. So earlier this year, they rolled out a car at CES on Facebook video rather than at a car show. And that was a big moment for us, I think, in the auto vertical. And we continue to work with them and lots of other partners. Measurement is really key there. The better we can do with dealers and with auto manufacturers at measuring all the way through the purchase, the better off we are. And I think they know that people are doing the research for autos and the purchases they make, which is a very long sales cycle on their mobile phone, and they want us to be part of that. Similarly with travel, this is a vertical that we are really investing in. We have rolled out different types of product ads that we think will help. So in Q2, we rolled out Dynamic Ads that were specifically focused on the travel vertical, and I'll share one example. Celebrity Cruises used these Dynamic Ads for travel on both Facebook and Instagram to increase their online bookings. They worked with one of our FMPs, StitcherAds, and they created custom audiences who viewed specific itineraries by date. So they look for people that at a certain date have used specific itineraries and then created Dynamic Ads which showed the available cruises and pricing and had a Book Now button. They saw a three times increase in their online bookings and I think those kind of results are made possible by more vertical-specific products, and we're going to continue to invest there.