
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Youssef Squali with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Youssef Squali: We've seen that the number of private label products on the site has increased pretty dramatically over the last 12 to 18 months. Could you speak to your private label strategy, in general? How big is that segment today? How big can it become? And just broadly speaking, how are the margins in that segment versus comparable third-party products?
Dave Fildes: Yes, thanks for the question. This is Dave. I think broadly, when we look at our strategy, it's focused on, number one, providing a broad selection for customers across a number of categories, so that they can find and buy exactly what they're looking for. When you look at private brands, it's very much meant to supplement that great selection, and we look for ways to be able to find private label items that have a high-caliber of quality, but also can bring that selection and that convenience for customers and really supplement what vendors and sellers are already providing the customers in many cases. We've not broken out kind of how significant or how large that is. I think for a lot of these initiatives, when you look across categories that would offer, many of them are still earlier stage and have been around even from kind of infancy for shorter period of time, a year, a couple of years, in some cases. Amazon Fashion is one area where you're seeing us offer a number of private apparel brands and some of the more popular lines with customers things like Good Threads, Amazon's Essentials, which is men's and women's basics; consumables, is, of course, another big area where we have the benefit of working with some of the Whole Foods private label, but also doing some of our other Amazon brands, things like Happy Belly and [indiscernible] Prime and others. So I think we'll continue to iterate on those and try to find different areas. And certainly there's other verticals that I didn't mention there that we're interested in continuing to kind of learn from customers what they want and what they're looking for there, and so we'll keep adding selection.