
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth: Mark, you have multiple payment initiatives across the family. You talked about WhatsApp Payments, Facebook Pay, potentially more over time around Libra and Calibra. Can you just talk about the importance of payments across the family? And how do you tie these together as you work towards interoperability?
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes. So we're doing a lot around commerce and payments because there are lots of different segments for what people are trying to do. In terms of buying and selling things, a lot of people want to buy and sell used goods. We have Facebook Marketplace for that. A lot of small businesses want to set up storefronts. We're enabling that through Instagram and Facebook and then increasingly through messaging as well.  From the payments side, WhatsApp Payments will be a part of Facebook Pay. I mean we announced this program last year that basically we'll make it so if you pay for something in any of our apps, you only need to enter your credit card once, and then you can use that to have a more frictionless checkout experience across the other apps. So those two things tie in together.  But we are taking multiple approaches on payments where things like what we're doing with Payments in WhatsApp or Facebook Pay overall are built on top of traditional payment infrastructure, whereas the longer-term work that we proposed around Libra that's now being handled by the independent Libra Foundation where we're working on a wallet that will work with Libra. That is more a proposal to make it so that some of the payment infrastructure around the world can be more efficient, especially for things like transferring money across borders. And if you think about it, a lot of the companies that do payments and such today are kind of national and/or in one country. And there aren't that many folks who have an incentive to make this work well across different places around the world. So that's some place where we thought that we could add.  But overall, where -- a big focus for us is making sure that individuals and small businesses have access to the same kind of tools that historically only larger companies have had access to. Bigger companies are going to find ways to sell their things and measure the effectiveness of their ads and all that. A lot of the work that we end up doing goes towards making it easier for small businesses to be able to -- without a big technology shop, be able to use the same tools, get access to payments, set up storefronts easily, being able to measure the effectiveness of ads. And that's a lot of what we're focused on, and you heard Wehner talk about this a bit. A lot of the concerns that we have with some of the potential changes to the ecosystem we think will disproportionately hurt small businesses' ability to compete with larger companies.