
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Greenfield with BTIG.
Richard Greenfield: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. When you think about the opportunities for the business broadly, you obviously are crushing it from an advertising standpoint when you look at any measure of growth. But wondering as you think about how you take this massive platform of users and engagement that you have across all your platforms, I'm thinking about if you look at like what Spotify has been able to achieve in music subscriptions, what Apple even has done in music subscriptions, what Netflix is doing in video, Amazon obviously now crossing 100 million subscribers. Like, is there other lines of business, other revenue streams that people should be thinking about that create substantial opportunities, and specifically subscription, and then maybe if you could just touch on from a commerce standpoint now that Instagram's starting to be such a big driver of commerce, how do you think about diversifying revenues versus essentially being almost pure advertising? Thanks so much.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: We've certainly thought about lots of other forms of monetization, including subscriptions, and we'll always continue to consider everything. Ads for us is a very natural fit for our business, and we have a lot of runway ahead of us. We've done – obviously, we have 80 million now pages, so we have 80 million businesses using Facebook on a monthly basis, of which 6 million are advertisers. On Instagram, we have 25 million Instagram business profiles, of which 2 million are advertisers. So even if we just convert people who are advertising on Facebook into Instagram, that's a lot of a growth opportunity. Then you can start thinking about Messenger and some of the other platforms we have. What's I think interesting and strong about our potential business growth is that we're able to do this across these services. So as I mentioned before, running an ad that has a click to Messenger ad that goes into Messenger is just an early example of what's possible. And I think if you look at a large base of businesses who use us without paying, the growing base of businesses who do pay us and then the runway we have in services that are 1 billion plus (59:48) that we're really not monetizing, I think a strong focus on ads continues to be the best investment we can make. It's also very core to our mission. Ads gives us the ability to provide a free service to the world. And if your goal is to connect to everyone and make sure that people can all participate, that ads-based model makes a lot of sense and we're going to continue to invest very heavily there.
Deborah Crawford: Operator, we have time for one last question.