
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Kirk Materne: Thanks very much and congrats on the quarter. Amy, I want to follow up on your last point around investment and return on it. Around this time last year, you guys started spending a lot more or investing a lot more in OpEx on the Intelligent Cloud side in particular. This quarter, you saw Intelligent Cloud operating profit on a constant currency basis get back to growth again, which I think shows that those investments indeed made some sense. Now that you have spent a lot, you've obviously added a lot in sales and marketing resources, R&D resources on that front. Could you just give us I guess qualitatively how you're thinking about that? It seemed like last year, you needed to catch up to a certain degree in terms of go-to-market capabilities. Do you feel better I guess where you are today versus your position, say, a year ago, just in terms of being able to capture the opportunity on the Intelligent Cloud side? Thanks.
Satya Nadella: I'll start and then I'll transition to you, Amy. I don't view it that narrowly quarter to quarter or even year to year. These are generational opportunities that what's at play when it comes to the Intelligent Cloud or what's happening in augmented reality. Either one of those things, I think if we started viewing it quarter to quarter or year to year, we'll completely miss the trend. We definitely need to be smart about two things that Amy said before, which is pick markets that are secular growth markets and got big TAM. And most importantly, what's our role in it? Is this something that the world needs Microsoft to be doing, or is it well served by others? That's where we spend most of our cycles in. The fact that we put some salespeople and then there's increased productivity is something that we obviously celebrate and we track very closely. But the places where we are more likely to go and put our OpEx in the coming quarters, in the coming years are going to be about revenue that's going to show up for multiple years out. And it won't be very transparent to you, and that's how it is. If we had not gotten started on some of the distributed computing infrastructure in a completely different place, we wouldn't have even had Azure. But I completely understand that all of you measure us to what we have done for you lately. And that's a fine way and we'll keep account of it, but that's not how it works.
Amy E. Hood: I think the important part in what Satya says is the distinction between really engineering investments that take multiple years of investment and world view on a TAM and holding ourselves accountable to sales and marketing investments. And are they earning the right return? Are we doing them in the right way? Are they in the might market? Are we investing in the right types of people, in the right capabilities? What I look and say that this number shows is that we are doing and it is encouraging that the plan that we put in place, that the sales team has done a really terrific job of executing on. And all that does is build more confidence that both we've picked a good market and we're investing in the right type of people to make sure we land that opportunity at customers. And then the most important thing is that the customers' success is what will breed revenue for the next quarter, the next year. And especially in this market, a generational move here really means, especially for many of the workloads being moved, these pay off every year for the next 10.
Chris Suh: Great, thank you, Kirk. We'll go to the next question, please.