
Operator: First we'll hear with Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Simona K. Jankowski: Hi, thank you so much. My first question was actually just a clarification in terms of putting in context that $2 billion in channel inventory reduction. What was that last year, just to help us make the comparison on a year-over-year basis? And then the bigger question, Tim, was with the smartphone market now reaching a pretty mature growth phase, how does Apple think of itself going forward? Is it as a growth company, or is it a more mature tech company? And if it's still the former, how does that change how you think about M&A, especially given the position you're in with your balance sheet strategically?
Luca Maestri: Simona, let me give you the data points on the sell-through, and then I'll let Tim answer the strategic question. We had a channel inventory reduction that was worth a bit less than $800 million a year ago.
Timothy Donald Cook: Simona, hi, it's Tim. In terms of do I think the smartphone market is mature, I think that the market, as you know, is currently not growing. However, my view of that is that's an overhang of the macroeconomic environment in many different places in the world. And we're very optimistic that this too shall pass and that the market and particularly us will grow again. The reason that we're optimistic is we look at the three places that iPhone sales come from. And from an upgrade point of view as I mentioned in my comments, we compare favorably, slightly better than the upgrade cycle that we saw on the iPhone 5s. We're lower than the iPhone 6, but I think all of us know that that was an extraordinary cycle that accelerated upgrades from 2016 into 2015. And so that comparable will be tough for this year, but that's a transitory thing. As we look at switchers, we're extremely excited that for the first half we set a record from switchers from other platforms, the largest we've ever seen in any six-month period before, so we've got traction there. And then on emerging markets, if you take a look at India, we grew by 56%, and we're placing increasing emphasis in these areas, where it's clear there will be disproportionate growth versus the more developed areas. The next thing is with the iPhone SE, we have seen our ability to attract even more customers into the platform with an incredible product that is at a new price point for us with the latest technology, and so we're optimistic about attracting even more customers with that. We also look at our pipeline, and we're very excited about what's in our pipeline. And so all of those things make me optimistic. Your other question was on M&A. Regardless of the first, we're always looking in the market about things that could complement things that we do today, become features in something we do, or allow us to accelerate entry into a category that we're excited about. And so as I said before, our test is not on the size. We would definitely buy something larger than we've bought thus far. It's more about the strategic fit and whether it's a great technology and great people. And so we continue to look and we stay very active in the M&A market.
Simona K. Jankowski: Thank you.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Simona. Can we have the next question, please?