
Operator: Jim Suva with Citi.
James D. Suva: Thank you very much. A strategy question for Tim and then more of a financial question for Luca. Tim, you'd mentioned in your prepared comments a little bit about India and we've been doing a lot of work talking about the opportunity in India. And we get a lot of pushback talking about disposable income metrics and lots of things like that, yet the population being so large, can you talk a little bit about, do you see that India could at some point be as big of an opportunity as China? And it appears that the legal rules have kind of prevented you from going in a lot, but it looks like that's changing. Can you just kind of give us a little more clarity on India? And then, Tim, for the clarification questions, is it fair to say that the OpEx has a disproportionate more expense side with the 14th week that we should kind of think of maybe as we go forward, that we shouldn't expect the OpEx to kind of be chugging along at that high rate? Or is it just kind of the rate of investing that you're going? Thank you very much, gentlemen.
Timothy Donald Cook: Yeah, thanks for the question. I'll let Luca talk about the OpEx piece of it. On India, I think it's important to look not only at per capita income, which may be what you're looking at, but sort of look at the number of people that are or will move into the middle class sort of over the next decade. And the age of the population, if you look at India, almost 50% of the population is under 25. And so you have a very, very young population. The smartphone has not done as well in India in general. However, one of the key reasons for that is the infrastructure hasn't been there. But this year or this year and next year, there are enormous investments going in on 4G and we couldn't be more excited about that because it really takes a great network working with iPhone to produce that great experience for people. And so I see a lot of the factors moving in the right direction there. I also think the government is much more focused on the infrastructure and on creating jobs, which is fantastic, because you really need the kind of infrastructure and the technology to do that. Will it be as big as China? I think it's clear that the population of India will exceed China sometime in probably the next decade or so, maybe less than that. I think it will take longer for the GDP to rival it, but that's not critical for us to have a great success there. The truth is, there's going to be a lot of people there and a lot of people in the middle class that will really want a smartphone, and I think we can compete well for some percentage of those. And given our starting point, even though we've been growing a lot, there is a lot of headroom there in our mind, and so we are working very hard to realize that opportunity.
Luca Maestri: And, Jim, on OpEx, our approach to OpEx is quite clear and quite simple. We want to continue to invest in the business in all the areas where we think is critical for us to invest. So you see that we make significant investments in R&D. You've seen the growth rates over the last couple of years. We are making important investments in data centers because we want to support our services business. We continue to open retail stores around the world. We continue to invest in marketing and advertising. At the same time, we want to continue to be efficient and lean. It's something that we've done very well over the years and want to continue to do that. So what you've seen, for example in fiscal 2016, you've seen investments in R&D growing at 25% and then our SG&A expenses to be about flat. And this is kind of the approach that we want to take and continue to take going forward. If you step back for a second and you look at our implied guidance for the December quarter, we got an expense to revenue ratio of 9%. This is extremely competitive in our industry and I would say in general. And so we want to continue to have this balance, make the right investments and remain efficient.
James D. Suva: Thank you, and congratulations and thanks for the details, gentleman.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Jim. Can we have the next question, please?