
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Ross MacMillan with RBC Capital Markets. Okay, we'll move on to the next question which is coming from the line of Brad Reback with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Brad Robert Reback: Great, thanks very much. Maybe Amy, quick question. The Windows OEM Pro business has been extraordinarily strong the last few quarters. Could you maybe give us a sense of how penetrated you guys are in the Windows 10 corporate upgrade cycle and the sustainability of that growth? Thanks.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks Brad. Let me, first, I wouldn't say penetration is the word for this. Let me talk about this in two or even a couple of components, because when you think about Windows 10, what we've seen over the past couple of years is, you're right, a very strong enterprise deployment cycle and real pull for that product inside enterprises, because of the security value prop of the product itself. When you see that deployment for security reasons, an externality of that is people often choose to upgrade machines in that process. We've seen good demand inside commercial entities for and when they make those upgrades to buy Windows PCs and often Surface devices, in that choice, I think it's benefited our OEM partners and us. The portfolio of devices that are available are incredibly compelling. I think our partners have done a terrific job on that as well. The overall economy is certainly also quite good, and the installed base had actually gotten older. And so I think what you're starting to see is a process whereby there's a great product, there's a good macro environment. And you've got customers who really want to move to a modern infrastructure. A modern infrastructure has to both be secure at its very core, and that can result, as you're seeing through that confluence of events, in a very strong PC market with very strong Pro performance. And certainly, the guide for Q4 continues to imply all those factors.
Brad Robert Reback: Great. Thanks very much.
Michael Spencer: Thanks, Brad. We'll take next question now, please.