
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Reback with Stifel. Please proceed.
Brad Reback: Great, so two quick questions. First off, Amy, there's been a lot of talk about tax law changes on the corporate side. Would a repatriation holiday impact how you guys allocate capital back to shareholders? And then just real quickly, on the OpEx side, I know you don't want to get too specific, but over the last few years you've been able to effectively reallocate upwards of $2 billion from the Phone business elsewhere. Is there still a fair amount of ability to reallocate internally? Thanks.
Amy E. Hood: Great, let me take both of those. Let me separate your first question because I think you're really asking two that I probably don't relate as directly, and I should do that for you. We've been a longtime advocate of structural tax reform, and so we'll just wait and see how things play out. And as decisions get made and proposals clarified, we'll share more about what that means for us. Next, in terms of how we thought about that impacting capital return, as you know, I think we've been and executed a significant capital return program over the past couple years, including accelerating the buyback program that I think I feel very good about at the corporate level in terms of the value it's created. And so I wouldn't say that I view those two things as waiting for one to do the other. We've in fact continued to do what we thought created the most value for shareholders, which is to invest in ourselves, acquire companies that help us expand our TAM and grow, return dividends, as well as repurchase shares. And we've continued to do that this quarter as well. I think you'll continue to see us take a balanced approach, but I don't think of those as being related. The last question on OpEx, I think over the past couple of years, we've continued to make decisions that said every dollar we spend, are we putting it in the right place for the long term, whether that's reallocating or adding new. And what we expect is to grow new markets and perform really well in them with every dollar that we invest, whether, frankly, Brad, it's in OpEx or in COGS. At this point, both of those are very large buckets of investments, which Satya and I as well as the whole senior leadership team spend the majority of our time picking markets and making sure we execute in them. So in terms of our ability to continue to do that, of course there are opportunities. We learn, frankly, I think every week where we can do better and where we can continue to invest to accelerate. That being said, I don't view any OpEx number as a constraint. More I view, is the return healthy? Is it growing the top line? Are we executing well on it? And if we are, it will make sense to spend more and if we aren't, it won't. And so I tend to take that approach as opposed to solving for any one number.
Brad Reback: Great, thanks very much.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks.
Chris Suh: Thank you, Brad. We'll take the next question.