
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Zelnick from Credit Suisse. Please proceed with the question.
Brad Zelnick: I want to follow-up on Karl's question but more generally on database products with the end of support coming for SQL Server [2008] in July, Satya, can you tell us how that sparking conversations with customers about database offerings on Azure and moving workloads to the cloud. And Amy help can you perhaps help us contextualize the opportunity to move traditional database workloads onto Azure and what the expansion economics look like?
Satya Nadella: Yes, a couple things Brad. One is, overall the need to get on the latest and greatest database technology just because of what is the increasing need for compute and data at the edge is what's driving a lot of the conversations on SQL Server. Interesting enough, we have a lot of requirements around edge devices even, so that you can have databases with compute so that you can really have what is needed at the edge, that’s sort of one conversation. The other one is in terms of the cloud migration there is a variety of different used cases, we see people are using SQL DB, which is essentially PaaS service but it's a complete compatibility of SQL Server, they want to managed services around SQL Server which we have. And so both of those are all happening in parallel. A good example of this is in fact even the rewrite of complete revamp I would say of Dynamics. Dynamics 365 and its architecture at least in my eyes is a thing of beauty because it's completely been rewritten for the new database technology, whether it is on the data base side or on the data warehouse side, again uses a whole bunch of micro services and functions so that you can do AI close to data. That type of architectural approach is what we see is possible now for every SaaS application vendor out there as well. Because you think about the number of SaaS -- the number of business applications that were built on SQL Server I feel that that's an architecture that can support both what they want to do on the edge, but as well as on the cloud.
Amy Hood: And on the contextualizing opportunity, the reason I said it's not the primary driver is because of that vast, vast majority of our server business is annuity based. And so when it's annuity based there is really no opportunity to see it as upside in Q4 from an end of support frame. For the smaller portion of our business it’s still non-annuity per transactional, it does provide as I talked about earlier some opportunity but it’s not that large just because the nature of the commitment our customers now is far more of the annuity type.