
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Philip Winslow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed. Philip A. Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Hi. Thanks guys, and congrats on a great quarter. Just a question for Satya then a follow-up to Amy. Satya, you talked about your good adoption of Office 365 on the commercial side both in SMBs and large enterprise. I wonder if you could just break that down and where you're seeing the faster adoption as you start to get into the enterprises, especially that might have enterprise agreements with Microsoft. How is that sales motion going and what is the pitch there? And then to Amy, I thought this was a key point, something that we've been looking for. You noted that the subscriptions recurring business now has offset the cannibalization on the license. Is that something that we should think about going forward or was there something specific about this quarter that would push that out? Thanks.
Satya Nadella: Yeah first, as far as the Office 365 usage itself, I talked about some of the numbers of 60 million monthly active users, the fact that our seats grew 66% year over year. The small business number I talked about, the 50,000 per month additional customers that we're adding to Office 365. These are all the growth numbers and the usage growth numbers. The mix even, that information protection, I mean that's just another very important point which is amongst the customers who are using Office 365, already 20 million are using some of these premium services like information protection. And of course we're going to further expand that with new SKUs and new categories that are going to become part of Office 365. So I see that stretching on both sides, which is to small business on one end and then these premium SKUs on the other end. And we see nice attach as far as EAs to the cloud as well and that's definitely a big driver of our growth.
Amy E. Hood: And so let me take the second and I'll add something to what Satya said. One of the important things that's distinct about the small business market is that there tends not to be much of a lag in terms of buying and deployment. They want to be able to instantaneously use and get value very quickly and that's something we've actually seen and a real testament to our ability to add so many customers in every quarter. And what you've seen in consumer side, which it was an important point. Once we've built this installed base up to 18 million users on the consumer side, that recurring rate does in fact offset the deferral from new, and so it is an important inflection point for us this quarter. Philip A. Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Thanks guys and congrats.
Chris Suh: Thanks. Next question, please.