
Operator: Your next question is from Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Heather A. Bellini: Great. Thank you for taking the question. I just wanted to ask a little bit more about as you start to speak with more advertisers on the Instagram opportunity, how are you and they thinking about the differences in how they'll engage with their customers across both platforms? And I guess what I'm getting at is do you see Instagram targeting a different type of advertiser, or do you expect people to leverage both platforms and almost think of them as kind of separate areas to budget for?
Sheryl K. Sandberg: I think one of the things that's interesting about Instagram is while the ads are really visually appealing and that brings to mind certain verticals like fashion or autos, things where the visual really matters, what we're seeing is that lots of different verticals can use the platform really well. So a recent example, HTC working with their agency Swift did Instagram videos to raise awareness of their mobile device warranty program. So they targeted 18- to 34-year olds, they did five short videos with these funny moments of where you're about to break your phone, and they got a 6 point lift in awareness of what is a warranty program. I think that's not something you would think of typically as Instagram. In terms of Instagram and Facebook, we believe that marketers are looking to connect with people in a really deep way, connect with the right people, and our targeting we think is really strong compared to any other platform, at the right time. And that really means mobile. And we see such engagement on both Facebook and Instagram along with the different targeting and ad formats, we believe we'll be able to have and are already starting to have a relationship with marketers which grow across both platforms. Our focus with our marketing partners is their business results. I talked about in my remarks how we're looking for conversions. We're trying to help them measure. If you do a car ad for us, how many vehicles were driven off the lot? We see what products you use within Facebook or Instagram, or Facebook and Instagram, as less important as the best products for the right marketer at the right time to drive their business results. And we like having more abilities, more products, more apps to work with so that we can drive those business results.