
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Your first question will come from Bill Schultz, Goldman Sachs.
Bill Schultz: When we look at the effect of currency on your gross profit, which I think was far less than anyone anticipated, have you be able to reduce some of the pressure by adjusting the terms of your suppliers? Or is that something we should expect to see more of as you progress through the year?
Luca Maestri: I’m gonna give you some numbers on the currency, because I know it’s a topic that is top of mind. You’re asking about gross margin, and you know, we look at this on a sequential basis. And I mentioned during the call in January that we were expecting FX to have a negative impact on a sequential basis of about 100 basis points after the effect of the hedges. And that is exactly what happened in our actual results. So that was pretty much in line with what we were anticipating. Of course, we expect this headwind to continue. And on a sequential basis, when we look into the June quarter, we expect to see another 40 basis points of negative impact from currency. We’re dealing with these headwinds. They’re part of business, and so we’re dealing with them in many ways. We are looking at, in some cases, at the potential to increase prices in certain markets. We’re looking of course at our cost structure, and we try to remain as competitive as possible. So we feel very good about the gross margins that we’ve generated in the March quarter, and we feel very good about the guidance that we provided, given the severity of the impact.
Bill Schultz: And then as a follow up, obviously, I guess one of the incremental tailwinds to gross margin continues to be the iPhone upside relative to expectations. Can you give us a bit more color on the dynamics of the customer mix for the iPhone? You had mentioned you’re very excited about the new iPhone rate so far, but if you could just give us a bit more color, as we had last quarter, on folks that are new to iPhone, Android switchers, versus replacements?
Tim Cook: Bill, we continue to see a higher rate of switchers than we have seen in previous cycles, and so we’re extremely excited about that. We also continue to see a reasonable percentage of first time buyers, particularly in some of the emerging markets. And if you look at emerging markets in general, I think Luca covered some of this, the revenue from emerging markets, just for the March quarter, was up 58% year on year. And a big piece of what is driving that is iPhone. Obviously, those results would have been higher without some of the FX headwinds that Luca mentioned earlier.