
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Douglas Anmuth: Thanks for taking the question. Two things. Just first, on the North America EGM growth, if you could just talk about the 28% there and the decel on an easier comp and whether there's any particular factors within that we should be thinking about and perhaps if there was any weather and apparel impact there? And then second, last quarter, and I don't want to misquote you, but you said something along the lines of being able to invest as you'd like and also deliver good profit and that the pendulum wouldn't swing as far perhaps as it has in the past. Is that statement and thought still hold as you head into '16? Thanks.
Brian Olsavsky: Sure. Let me start with EGM. So EGM growth, North America EGM growth of 28% was actually also the highest in the last 4 years. So we're happy with that. The deceleration you're seeing of 700 basis points is more a function of the Prime Day that we had in Q3, if you remember. We didn't break it out by segment, but we said that Prime Day contributed 200 basis points to our Q3 run rate, revenue growth rate. So sequentially last year, any North America EGM we dropped from 31% to 27%. This year, it's 35% to 28%. So there is always a - generally a sequential drop in Q4. But certainly very happy with that business and its role in Prime as well, total customer satisfaction. Your other question, investments. Yes. We continue to have healthy investments as we've stated across the globe. To step back again on that, our general philosophy is we want to find things - businesses that customers love, that can grow to be large, will provide strong financial returns, and are durable that can last for decades. We think Prime is that. We think marketplace is that. We think AWS is that. And we are constantly looking for a fourth or fifth business that fits that criteria. So - but as we continue to invest, primarily in. As I said in Prime, the Prime platform, Prime features for customers, expansion for fulfillment capacity as we build out to support 26% unit growth in Q4, for instance and much greater FBA share, and not to mention all the investments in AWS, we are constantly looking for cost efficiencies and fixing variable productivity. I think a thing to think about is the investments will ebb and flow over time, but our focus on cost reductions and improvement on customer experience will be constant.