
Operator: Your next question is from Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Douglas T. Anmuth: Thanks for taking the questions. I have a couple for Mark around Messenger. Mark, I was hoping you could talk to us about how you expect to shift user behavior within Messenger to get users to focus more on businesses versus more personal communications and how you'll make users aware of the capabilities within the platform. And then just secondly, as more bots come on board here and businesses are engaging with Messenger, how do you envision bots and humans working together in terms of providing more customer service? Thanks.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: Sure. So part of our playbook for building out these ecosystems at scale is we start with the person-to-person user base. So whether that's in messaging, it's people messaging their friends or groups and News Feed. Before that, it was people posting updates and seeing what was going on with their friends and the people that they care about. And then the next step is to create organic activity around public entities, so whether that's businesses, public figures like athletes and celebrities and types of folks that people want to interact with on these different platforms, and we did that on Facebook in News Feed group pages, and we're working on a number of different ways to do that in Messenger. One of those is bots. And one of the good things about bots that we've seen is that it can decrease the amount of time that you have to wait before you get a reply back from interacting with a message. So what we've seen – we've done some research on this. A lot of people every day in Facebook today are already messaging pages and businesses directly, and the businesses respond. But what we've actually also found is that through some of our AI research, we can look at the responses that businesses give to common questions and can confidently provide the right reply a lot of the time. And when we can do that, then that decreases the latency. And predictably, people want to do more of that activity. So that's one way that I think you're going to see bots work, between people who are actually driving the businesses directly will need to in some way train or answer questions for people, but we can build artificial intelligence that can learn from people how to automate a lot of that and make that experience a lot faster for people who want to interact with businesses and public figures. And of course then, after you start building out that segment of businesses and then public figures on the platform, then on top of that you have just a good amount of intent on these platforms to build a good business on top of that. That's stage three.