
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rick Sherlund with Nomura. Please proceed with your question.
Rick Sherlund: Yes, thanks. I wanted to follow-up on Phil’s question. I think that Office transition, our analysis suggest that’s a net benefit from here for you, I’d like Satya some thoughts maybe about the transition for the rest of the business, if you’ve got server and tools at some point, I mean it continues to show really terrific growth at some point, I suppose that becomes cannibalize by your cloud business with Azure. Maybe Satya, if you can share how you think that transition, how long, how does it transpire or any thoughts on you shouldn’t be net additive to the revenues and operating income as we’ve seen on the Office side? Maybe if you could talk on Windows as well, it looks like OEM down a little bit this quarter, which is big than growing or we cannot see a lower ASPs with these $200 devices coming out this fall.
Satya Nadella: Let me talk a little bit about the dynamics we’re seeing in particular with our infrastructure servers, as well as Azure because it is actually pretty unique, I think to at least our product offering. As I said, our servers have become much more competitive because of the same technology investments that we’re making in our cloud. And the used cases that we see in the cloud in many cases happen to be net new workloads, IOT was not driving our server growth traditionally, mobile backend was not driving our servers traditionally. So, a machine learning and advanced analytics of areas we did not participate even in the past. So, one of the things that we have seen is a lot of new used cases of Azure, which were really new Greenfield territory for us. And it turns out that the need for more computing, more storage and more infrastructure server products is much broader than just even the hyper scale public cloud because the one thing that is true is there are more devices in that unit backend. And that backend in many cases in regulator industries with the GEO participation we have is needed everywhere. So one of the things that we are in fact very focused on is enabling others to build their own clouds. So, our private cloud, premium cue mix is also growing you see that in our results. So, at least in the intermediate timeframe, we do not see cannibalization. We see more impact of this hybrid, private, as well as public cloud all being complementary. And of course being used together delivered more value to customers and that’s where our competitive advantage comes. On the Windows side just to finish off. We wanted to make sure that we have competitive Windows ecosystem participation across all the price points. So we made some deliberate changes to our business model and that is in fact playing out in the marketplace where we now have very competitive full Windows PCs less than $199 going into this holiday season. And that in fact in Q1 caused the market to expand. That was really by design and so we are happy to see that. And so on a blended basis, of course the ASPs will be different because of the two ranges. So, but overall that’s what our goal is. We want to be able to make sure that we compete on all price points and overall grow the volume.
Rick Sherlund: Thank you.
Chris Suh: Thanks. We’ll go to next question please.