
Operator: Next question will come from Shannon Cross with Cross Research.
Shannon Cross: Thank you very much. I wanted to ask about the trajectory of Services gross margin, up about 500 basis points it appears year-over-year. You talked a little bit about sequential. But what's driving the improvement or will it be volatile as we go through the year depending on quarters and mix? Just whatever color you can give us as we start to forecast this? Thank you.
Luca Maestri: Yes, Shannon. I think you've seen that Services gross margins increased on a year-over-year basis by a significant amount. Let me start with sequential because I think it's probably most relevant for us. Sequentially, we increased 170 basis points. It's a business that is growing nicely, so we get good support from our scale. Some of these services are scaling quickly and so we tend to expand gross margins there. And also, we had favorable mix. As you probably know, we have a very broad portfolio of Services. Some of them tend to be accretive to the average gross margin for services, also because of the way we account for them. For example, you know that on the App Store, we book revenue on a net basis and therefore the gross margins tend to be accretive. But we also have services that are very successful, that are below the average for the services business. And so depending on how these separate businesses do in the marketplace, we're going to be seeing some level of movement going forward on services margins. But you've seen that for the last 12 months they've gone up nicely 450 basis points and sequentially they've gone up 170 basis points. But I wouldn't draw necessarily a conclusion on how this services gross margin is going to move over time. We will report of course at the end of every quarter. But important to keep in mind, it's a broad portfolio with very different gross margin profiles within the portfolio. It is important for us to grow gross margin dollars. And if at times we grow services that are at a level of gross margins, which is below average, as long as this is good for the customer and as long as we generate gross margin dollars we're going to be very pleased.
Shannon Cross: Okay, thank you. And then Tim, can you talk a bit about video? You've signed a myriad of deals. There was announcement about -- there are TV app directly on Samsung. So perhaps when this comes out you'll be multi-platform. I'm just curious how you view the opportunity in video. And I guess assuming, you can just leverage the costs that you've made already, it should be accretive to margin I would think?
Tim Cook: Yeah, Shannon, we see huge changes in customer behavior taking place now. And we think that it will accelerate as the year goes by to sort of the breakdown of the cable bundle that's been talked about for years. And I think that it'll likely take place at a much faster pace this year. And so we're going to participate in that in a variety of ways. One of those is through Apple TV and you're well familiar with that product. The second way is AirPlay 2, which we have as just pointed out we have support on a number of different third-party TVs. And we're excited about that. It makes the experience in the living room with people using our products even better. We think that people are really going to like that. Another way is, of course, all the third-party video subscriptions that are on the store. We are participating in this today. And I would guess that that's going to accelerate into the future as the bundle breaks down and people begin to buy likely multiple services in place of their current cable bundle. And then finally, original content where we will participate in the original content world. We have signed a multiyear partnership with Oprah. But today I'm not really ready to extend that conversation beyond that point. We've hired some great people that I have a super amount of confidence in and they're working really hard and we'll have something to say more on that later.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Shannon. Could we have the next question, please?