
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with UBS. Please proceed.
Brent Thill: Thanks. There are a number of investors that had been wondering about the sales reorg that takes place February 1. Perhaps this has been a worry that's been overstated. Can you just give us a sense? Are there changes that are happening that will take place February 1 that are different, or is this a minor tweak to the go-to-market going forward?
Satya Nadella: I can comment on it. I'm not particularly sure exactly what's happening on February 1. I would say the overall change that we are going through, and this has been ongoing for I would say the last multiple years, is transforming our field engagement model, where we're putting a lot more technical depth in the front-line sellers so that they can engage, whether it's data specialists, cloud specialists, security specialists, or even productivity specialists. Because it's super-important for us in this phase when people are looking for solutions to help them visually transform, for us to have a very fundamentally different type of capability in terms of our sales, and that's the transformation. And so we have really reorganized ourselves, both in the headquarters and in the field, to be able to recognize that shift. What used to be large accounts for us, for example, are not by PC count anymore, and that's a pretty fundamental change. It's by consumption of cloud capacity in many cases. And this is happening all over the world. So that's the transformation that you will increasingly see us push forward, and no status quo on any part of Microsoft's organization should be counted on. If anything, we'll push to make sure that we are addressing what is our growth opportunities pretty aggressively.
Amy E. Hood: And I think, Brent, in terms of there being a date, a very particular date, this is something, to Satya's point, we've been doing in a step function improvement over time for the past couple years, and we'll continue to do it. And the guidance certainly doesn't imply any type of slowdown in the commercial business. In fact, in some ways, it actually includes an acceleration in certain areas. So I think that's how I tend to look at it.
Brent Thill: Thank you.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Brent. We'll take the next question, please.