
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Kash Rangan: Hi, congrats on finishing up a great quarter as well. One for you, Amy, and one for you, Satya. One, Amy, when I look at your comments on gross margin, clearly you're not in a position to break out Azure-only gross margin. But I'm wondering if we can take a composite of (52:37) your commercial cloud. Targets are about $20 billion. So if I take what I believe could be a rough split between Azure versus the SaaS segment and look at the best-of-breed companies, I could get about 70% – 75% gross margin when you hit your targets. I'm curious what you think about that. Is that too aggressive or within the ballpark? And for you, Satya, as cloud computing moves to the enterprise, there's some belief among investors that AWS is going be a big, strong competitor in the enterprise, which is typically not a stronghold for them. How do we think of Microsoft's enduring strength in the enterprise? And how confident can we be that you should be able to capture your fair share of enterprise workloads as they move to the cloud? Thank you.
Satya Nadella: Let me start with the second part, and then you can add.
Amy E. Hood: Yes.
Satya Nadella: So, Kash, the way I think about it is, even in the client server era, we had tough competition. We had Oracle. We had VMware, and we had many other players we competed with and I grew up competing with. And we now have AWS I think who is going to be a credible competitor. So I feel that, as I said, we have a cloud strategy that is not just about infrastructure. It is about really SaaS and infrastructure. And we want to uniquely think about what are the things that we can do to differentiate and add value to our customers' digital estate in the cloud in that context. And that's where, if you will, our fair share will come from by competing hard where we have to but also mostly thinking about differentiation.
Amy E. Hood: And in terms of is there a long-term gross margin cloud number that is industry-leading, I think right now there's a benchmark in the SaaS community that's probably around the number you talked about in terms of more SaaS applications. And then as you go down through the layers from PaaS to IaaS, that margin declines, obviously much as it did when that was run as a hardware solution. The margins weren't as high either. And so I do think it will be a blend of those. But certainly at the SaaS end, I understand where you get that benchmark from.
Chris Suh: Great. Thank you, Kash. We'll take the next question, please.