
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Daniel Ives with FBR Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Daniel Ives: Yes, thanks. Satya, what do you think as you move to the cloud and really try to go into this next phase of growth. Is it biggest challenge and then maybe the biggest opportunity from just a high level as we think about Microsoft going into the next stage?
Satya Nadella: I mean that’s the biggest opportunity is to be able to get into space. I mean one of the things that I always think about it, for all the success we’ve had in our server business, we were a low share player. And when I look at the total IT spend of that enterprise customers have today. As I said, we’ve not participated in many, many areas, we got even the data set. We have a very good business in SQL Server, we have perhaps the most competitive SQL Server product ever in SQL 2014, which is growing nicely. But if you look at what is secular in terms of growth going forward, it’s data, data management in a variety of new ways. So, those are the opportunities we want to be able to take advantage of by doing some good work both in the public cloud, as well as with our server products. The challenge will always remain at the end of the day for us to make sure that we are bringing together unique offers. One of the things that I want to ask team to be very focused on is to bring uniqueness that only Microsoft can bring it to the marketplace. That’s why it is approach around platform and reinvention of productivity, I believe is what we can do that for sure we’re going to have incredible competition. But at the same time, I think that if you ask anyone, at least in our campus whether we deeply get what it means to reinvent productivity I believe do we get deeply how to take the various constituents from end users IT and developers and harmonize their interest in unique ways so that enterprises can adopt solutions, we get that deeply. So, to me staying with that and staying focused on our unique contribution is perhaps are both on opportunity and our challenge and we will obviously index on the opportunity side.
Daniel Ives: Great job on the quarter especially relative to your tech peers. Thanks.
Chris Suh: Thank you, Dan. We’ll move to next question please.