
Operator: At this time, we will now open up the call for questions. . Thank you. Our first question comes from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Justin Post: Got it. I saw on the front page of the release you're really focused on India. Can you give us a progress update on how you're doing? Any thoughts on how far you're willing to take the investment levels there? And what are your thoughts on maybe when international margins can start to make progress? Thank you.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure, Justin. Thank you. Yes, I think Jeff's comments were pretty dead on. The launch of Prime last year was a big turning point. We've increased Prime selection by 75% since launching that nine months ago in India, also increased the fulfillment capacity for sellers by 26% this year. On the content side, we've announced A-Team in the original TV series and we're customizing the content, so it's a really vast selection of local and global movies and TV shows that are available to the Indian public. You'll also notice that the Fire TV Stick was – a new version of it was launched in India with some important features there such as the ability to search in Hindi and in English, free data usage for three months and also data monitoring, which is important there. So again, we continue to be encouraged by both the response from customers and sellers. As far as level of investment is concerned, it is certainly one of our important investment areas. We see a lot of potential for the country and our business there.
Justin Post: Any thoughts on how much it is impacting your international profitability?
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure. I can't quantify it, or break it out specifically, but I will say it's a large factor as well as a couple other things in the international segment. So, keep in mind that we launched Prime Video in the fourth quarter, and now we have that in over 200 countries and territories. We're spreading a lot of the Prime benefits that we see in North America to other countries. We just opened up Amazon Fresh in Tokyo last weekend, but also Prime Now. You saw other things like our business B2B business just opened up in the UK. We have Amazon Devices. So there's a lot of moving parts here. The other big influence is the same trends are happening in international with respect to FBA growth and the fact that our Amazon fulfill network, or the units we shipped, are growing at a much faster clip than our paid unit growth. Last year we said that was a 40% – nearly 40% growth worldwide. So we're making the investments in warehouses, fulfillment capacity and delivery capacity to handle that. So there's a lot going on in international. We are very encouraged with the growth of the Prime program, and we're hopeful for the Prime Video that we launched in the fall.