
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dan Salmon with BMO Capital Markets.
Dan Salmon: Good afternoon, everyone. Brian, can we just return to your comment earlier about the increased use of Amazon logistics, not a surprise there, but just curious through the holiday season, any particular learnings that you can offer some color on and how you view the balance between using your own proprietary logistics versus third parties as you go into 2019? And then just a quick follow-up, obviously the HQ2 news came out during the quarter, what would you highlight as maybe the most important next steps there and maybe some color on the feedback from that process, I would be interested to hear that as well? Thank you.
Brian Olsavsky: Yes, sure. So let’s start with HQ2. Of course, in November, we announce we selected New York City and Northern Virginia and between the two cities, we will be investing $5 billion and creating more than 50000 jobs. We also announced a Operations Center of Excellence to be opened up in Nashville, which is about -- estimated to be about 5000 jobs. So right now, we're working through some next issues in both cities. We’re looking forward to investing in New York and Northern Virginia and being a good community partner as well as Nashville. So not really much else to report at this time on that. On your comment or question on transportation, we do continue to expand our Amazon logistics and delivery capability and it also matches up with our faster ship speed that we're seeing for Prime members as well. We added, of course, we have over 100 million items that customers would get within two days, but there's now over 3 million that will be delivered within one day or faster in 10,000 cities in town. So Amazon deliveries are a big part of that. Again, we have great third party partners as well in the transportation space. What we like about our ability to participate in transportation is that a lot of times, we can do it at the same cost or better and we like the cost profile of the two. We can also invest selectively because we have more perfect information we know where our demand is, we know where we're moving things between warehouses and sort centers and by not involving third parties all the time, we can find that we can extend our ship cut offs, or excuse me, our order cutoffs and we've done that over the last few years. So that's also another helpful side benefit for consumers when we are doing our own logistics, excuse me, transportation final delivery.