
Operator: We’ll hear from Katie Huberty with Morgan Stanley.
Katie Huberty: You’ve said in the past that the watch may take longer to ramp given the new category and new interface to customers. Is that in fact playing out? Is the watch ramping slower than past product categories?
Tim Cook: Katie, when you use the word “ramp,” I assume you’re talking about supply?
Katie Huberty: Yeah, preorders and first week in sales, and any other data points that you track in terms of interest versus, say, when the iPad launched in 2010.
Tim Cook: Let me talk about supply and demand and sort of separate those two. Right now, demand is greater than supply. And so we’re working hard to remedy that. We’ve made progress over the last week or so, and we were able to deliver more customers an Apple Watch over the weekend than we had initially anticipated. We’re going to keep doing that, and so we’ve already sent some notes out today, moving the customers and versus what we had communicated to them previously. So I’m generally happy that we’re moving on with the ramp. It is a new product for us, and with any kind of new product, you wind up taking some time to fully ramp. Having said that, I think we’re in a good position and by sometime in late June, we currently anticipate being in a position that we could begin to sell the Apple Watch in additional countries. And so that’s our current plan. From a demand point of view, it’s hard to gauge when you don’t have product in stores and so forth. So we’re filling orders completely online at the moment. The customer response from people that have gotten theirs over the weekend have been overwhelmingly positive, and we’re far ahead of where we expected to be from an application point of view. To give you a comparison, when we launched the iPhone, we had about 500 apps that were ready. When we launched iPad, we had about a thousand. And so our internal goal was to be able to beat the thousand level, and we thought it would be great if we were able to do that by a little bit. And as I mentioned before, we now have over 3,500 apps in the App Store for the watch. And so we couldn’t be happier about how things are going from that point of view. We are learning quickly about customer preferences between the different configurations. There’s a much larger breadth of possibilities here for customers than in our other products. And in some cases, we called that well. In some cases, we’re making adjustments to get in line with demand. But I’m really confident that this is something we really understand how to do and will do. And so I’m really happy where we are currently, and happy enough that we’re looking forward to expanding into more countries in late June.
Katie Huberty: And then as a follow up, research and development spend continues to track well ahead of revenue growth. And that has happened for many quarters now. Can you talk about what’s driving that? Is there a broader set of projects that you’re working on? Are you making bigger bets, entering bigger markets? What’s driving such a long period of elevated R&D spend?
Luca Maestri: Of course, we’ve said this several times now. When you look at our current product portfolio, it is much broader than it used to be. We’ve now developed two new iPhones over the year. We were not doing that a few years ago. Developed two iPads. And of course now we have the Apple Watch. We’re also developing some core foundational technologies more in house now than we were in the past. And of course we’re also spending ahead of some of the products that will generate revenues in the future. So when you combined all these factors, that is the reason why you see these research and development increases year over year. Research and development is the core of the company. Innovation is the core of the company. And we’re very proud of the fact, when you look, for example, at the last two quarters, the first half of 2015, our revenue growth has been higher than our opex growth. And when you look at our expense to revenue ratio, which, for the first half of the year, has been 8.2%, it’s lower than it was a year ago, and it’s definitely something that we consider extremely competitive, and we’re very proud of.