
Operator: The next question is from Ben Schachter with Macquarie. Your line is open. Benjamin Schachter - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Couple of questions for Mark. The first one, what are the lessons you're learning from seeing the growth of Snapchat and some of the other newer networks, particularly among young people? And obviously Facebook is continuing to do well but these things are growing. And then second, related to video, what are the key problems that you really think you need to solve for consumers and video producers and how is Facebook going to evolve to help solve those problems? Thanks.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: Sure. And they're related. So, overall, people are spending more and more time on mobile, and that means that there are always more services that people use whether it's YouTube or there's some really interesting ones with younger folks, especially like musical.ly and live.ly that I think are pretty interesting as well, the Snapchat, which you mentioned. And part of why I think you see this is that there are just so many different ways that people want to share so many different kinds of content, ranging from text to photo to video, just richer and richer and more immersive content. And also there's a range from private one-on-one type sharing to small groups, all of your friends at once, large interface communities, and then ultimately fully public. And there are different apps that explore different regions of that space and do a good job with it, and offer ideas that I think the whole market needs to learn from. Right now, the big theme and strategy that we're executing is we're going to become video first. And what I mean by that is that there's this trend where ten years back, most of what you saw and shared online was text, and then we went through a phase where most of it is photos. And we really believed that, and call it five years, or whatever the period of time that it takes to get there, I think most of what people consume online is going to be video. And that means that there needs to be a whole range of new production tools and consumption experiences for enabling that. For production, I think that means that you need to get the camera experience, and the experience for capturing and uploading videos that you've captured to be much better in a more central part the of the experience. On consumption, there are innovations that we've had like auto play in feed, but what's the next version of that, that makes it so that people can have an even more native and default video experience when they're in News Feed, as well as private areas like Messenger and WhatsApp. So I think you're going to see this across all of our apps. More focused on producing this kind of content, and making it first class to consume as well, both in private and public context. And I think that that's just a big trend across the market, and one of the big things that if we get right, I think it's going to unlock a lot of sharing and opportunities.
David M. Wehner: And then just following up on Ross's question on Instagram in the U.S., because I think Ross, you were asking, we've provided some rough percentages around international and U.S., and I just wouldn't – I wouldn't – those are very approximate, and I wouldn't base any trending on that, on those percentages.