
Operator: The next question is from Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Mahaney: Two questions, Sheryl, could you just talk about political advertising and how you think about the attractiveness of -- and any anecdotes you have on Facebook as a platform for political campaign? And then Mark, the story is in 2012 with beginning of that year you realized just how powerful the movement was towards mobile devices and you turned to your engineers and said we need to generate $1 billion in revenue off of mobile devices. And I wonder if you’ve had that same had conversation with your engineers when you think about these two messaging platforms that you have that got a large number of users and clearly globally we’ve seen this massive shift of the words messaging, the interest is changed now, people have engaged with it. Do you feel like you’ve had or do you need to have that $1 billion conversation with your engineers about those two messaging platforms? Thanks.
Sheryl Sandberg: In terms of the election, it’s important to note that we’re large and diversified, so no one vertical drives our business. Yes, the 2016 election is a big deal in terms of ad spend but so is the World Cup, so Super Bowl every year, so are events like the Olympics. We are excited about the targeting we’re able to offer for our ad platform. We believe we have position that doesn’t exist on any other platforms. So for example, using Facebook and Instagram ads you can target by congressional district, you can target by interest, you can target by demographics or any combination of those. And we’re seeing politicians at all level really take advantage of that targeting. It’s also probably worth saying that we’re pretty excited about what’s happening with the elections organically on Facebook. Facebook is really the new town hall. And connecting the people who are running for office, both at the national and the local level with people directly has been really important. Every member of Congress in the United States is now on Facebook. We’re seeing some of them post every vote and explain why they’re doing votes. We’re seeing a bunch of that candidates for president get on Facebook themselves and interact taking questions from their potential voters directly. And we think that kind of direct engagement where people can hold their elected officials accountable and elected officials can speak directly to constituents is a really important part of our mission and we’re excited about the 2016 election and what’s happening there.
Mark Zuckerberg: Well, I’ll answer the other one. In terms of the story that you said, I think you have it wrong. I don’t know where you got that story from, I’ve never had a conversation with the team where we were behind on mobile and then I said we need to do this to make money. That’s not really how we operate. What happened is we realized that mobile was growing faster than desktop and that people were shifting their usage and that it was the more important thing for people’s consumer experience. And that’s when we made the shift, not in our business first but in how we develop products. And I told all of our product team and when they come in reviews really just coming with mobile. If you come in and you try to show me a desktop product, then I am going to kick you out; you have to come in and show me a mobile product. And that I think was just as a crude leadership tactic, somewhat effective and helping to motivate the organization to shift its energy towards focusing on mobile. But if you remember, we actually went through a pretty tough period because we went through this period where our mobile experience was not as good as we wanted it to be and we had no ads on mobile. And we actually prioritized making the mobile experience good before putting ad there. So there was a long time where people thought that our business might not be as good because we had no ads on mobile, and that was because we always prioritized the experience for people above, even if it’s going to be a painful thing for the company. So that’s how I think about messaging. We know that messaging is going to be increasingly important, that’s why we went out and hired David Marcus who is one of the best product leaders in the field to Messenger and why we bought WhatsApp, which the leading messaging product worldwide. And we have a formula for how we build these businesses. First, you build a great consumer experience that helps people share in a new way that’s really important. Then after that you can start to introduce organic ways that people can interact with businesses, so that in Facebook is pages, the businesses that people want to interact with, the public figures, the politicians, not necessary ads but organic interactions around not necessarily just your friends and families but more public figures and businesses. And then only once you have that ramped up to a good scale, can you really start dialing up advertising having that feel good and be a good part of your experience with good content because all those public figures and businesses are already participating in the platform at scale. So, you could expect to see that playbook in Instagram, we’re pretty far along in terms of having quite a mature pubic content. Ecosystem and ads are ramping well with good high quality ads because a lot of public figures and businesses are already investing in creating that kind of good content that goes in Instagram. And you’re going to see the same playbook in Messenger and WhatsApp. In terms of making it so there are organic businesses and public figures, there is a bit more of that on WhatsApp already in terms of businesses using it and our Messenger, we are catching on Messenger; we’ll do that on both. And once we have those ecosystems built out, we will build businesses around them. And that’s how we think about stuff and we’ll do that in all of our products and the different things that we do going forward.
Deborah Crawford: Operator, it looks like we have time for one last question.