
Operator: And next we’ll go to Toni Sacconaghi from Bernstein.
Toni Sacconaghi: I have a question and follow-up. You commented on how your install based over the last couple of years has grown 30%. And iPhone is clearly the largest component of that, and so iPhone install base is probably growing close to that number perhaps last, call it 20% through 25%. Yet, if we look at iPhone unit growth for fiscal ’18 what’s implied with your guidance fiscal ’17 and fiscal ’16, it’s been relatively flat. So you have an install base that’s 20% plus higher, and a unit growth that relatively flat, which would suggest that your upgrade rate is going down or your replacement cycle is elongating. And I’m wondering whether you agree with that and whether investors should be worried about that. And maybe if I could just add one other wrinkle to potentially get your response on is. Given consumers’ heightened awareness of their ability to replace batteries going forward as opposed to upgrades. Isn’t that also something that investors should potentially be concerned about in terms of its impact on upgrade rate going forward? And then believe or not, I have a follow-up.
TimCook: This is up to investors as to what things they would like to focus on, so I don’t want to put myself in the position of that. The way that I look at this and the numbers you’ve quoted have a different view of them. But generally what we see with iPhone is the reliability of iPhone is fantastic. The second or the previously owned market has expanded in units over the years. And you see in many cases, carriers and retailers having very vibrant programs around trading an iPhone in. And because iPhone has the largest residual rate on it, it acts as a buffer for the customer to buy new one and it lines up with another customer somewhere else that is perfectly fine with having a previously owned iPhone. And so I view all of that to be incredibly positive. It’s more people on iPhones the better. I would like to point out that the ever year major product hit a high on the active install base. And so that’s iPad, it’s Mac and those are huge numbers as well. And so as we’ve always said, there is a large part of the -- or the vast majority of the services are mapped to the install base instead of the quarterly sales. And this quarter is no different on that. On the battery, Toni, we did not consider in any way, shape, or form, what it would do to upgrade rates. We did it because we thought it was the right thing to do for our customers. And sitting here today, I don't know what effect it will have. And again, it’s not -- was not in our thought process of deciding to do what we've done.
Toni Sacconaghi: And just a follow-up, maybe I could clarify two little things. One, Luca, on tax rate, you talked about 15% for Q2. Is that how we should think about the tax rate on an ongoing basis? And then just back to you on your response, Tim, I guess maybe you could just comment on whether you believe the upgrade rate has decreased over the last couple of years, because again, just mechanically install base is growing 20 and units are relatively flat over that period. Isn't that telling the install base is -- upgrade rate is going down, or am I not thinking about other considerations? Thank you.
Luca Maestri: Toni, on the tax rate, I will make two comments. First of all, the new tax law in the United States is complex. And I think we, as many other companies, are really trying to absorb what this all means. And I think we're going to be receiving, over the next few months, implementation guidance. So we've taken some provisional estimates in coming up with our tax entries for the quarter, and we will have to do that as we go forward here during the year. So it may be a bit bumpy in the short-term as we understand the law in full, and it actually gets explained in full. But I would say that for the current fiscal year, the guidance that we provided for Q2 should be approximately what you should be seeing. As we get into new fiscal year, so many things change and we need to take that into account, the geographic mix of our products and so on. But I would say for the remainder of the year, it's what we’re guide to.
Tim Cook: I think on the replacement cycle, Toni, the answer is, probably looks different by geography. In those geographies that had, in the early days of the smartphone market, had very traditional subsidies where you paid $199 out the door or $99 or whatever. I think it's accurate to save those type of markets. The replacement cycle is likely longer. Where that isn't the case, I am not nearly as sure on that. I would point out that that happened some time ago and so it's very difficult currently to ever get a real time handle on replacement rate, because you obviously not -- you don't know the replacement rate for the products you're currently selling, you only know that in an historical sense. So it's not something that we are overly fixate on.