
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Mark R. Murphy: Thank you, and I will add my congrats. Amy, last quarter you had mentioned that you could see increased volatility in time, in commercial bookings growth as you were talking about the commitments were increasing to larger and longer-term agreements. But this quarter, the ex-free portfolio was flattish and yet your commercial bookings grew 16%. I think presumably a very powerful performance with the renewals, the expansions and the new bookings, and I don't think you repeated that comment about bookings volatility in the same way. So I'm just curious, maybe could you help us connect the dots on that performance and also the potential for volatility in either direction going forward?
Amy E. Hood: Sure, thank you. That's a great question. You will see volatility in the bookings number for the reasons we've laid out before, the changing expiry base, but also large contracts and commitments done by Azure. And to your point, we actually saw it this quarter because we again saw a quite good performance in some of these larger long-term Azure contracts which added on a flat expiry base to that 15% bookings growth, which was good. And so what that means is, you'll see some volatility in that and you're also going to see some volatility in commercial unearned, specifically because whenever you see hybrid strength, it won't land as much in unearned. So as the business gets bigger and we do bigger and larger deals and some of them are on-prem and some of them are in Azure, you're going to see volatility frankly in both of those. But what I try to do is think about the impact of all the key data points which is how did we do in-quarter, how did we do on the unearned revenue on the balance sheet and how did we do in overall bookings. And if I triangulate between all those three, just like I did in Q4, I feel really good about our commercial performance.
Mark R. Murphy: Thank you.
Michael Spencer: Great. Thanks, Mark. Operator, we'll move to the next question please.