
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Mark R. Murphy: Yes, thank you. Satya, I'm wondering what you think would be required to extend the hyper-growth trajectory for Azure into the future. For example, are there incremental waves of activity on the horizon that you would tie to Tier 1 workloads or large data center migrations or serverless usage which would enable that? And separate from that, Amy, I'm curious just philosophically. How do you plan to handle price cuts for compute and storage when they occur? Do you think you're better off matching them, exceeding them, or does it make sense perhaps warranting a premium in many cases due to the differentiated IP that you have up the stack?
Satya Nadella: Yeah, let me start. Overall, I think some of the trends that you've referenced, whether it's Tier 1 workloads or serverless or even complete data center migrations, all of that is happening. Even the customer examples I gave, they were littered with example after example. For example, in FinServ, some very Tier 1 trading applications now using some of our capabilities in service fabric, which is really a PaaS service, which allows you to manage microservices with low latency and high scale, that's a place where we are seeing in fact activity, whether it's game development or trading applications. We are seeing even interesting use cases of Azure functions, which is completely serverless. In fact, you can think of it as a price cut for anybody who cares about being very, very smart about cloud consumption. Going serverless is something that we in fact advocate. So across the board, I feel we have the right mix of IaaS, PaaS, SaaS, and per user SaaS services like Azure Active Directory, which gives us the right mix to be able to even have the right margins long term. We're not concentrated in any one layer of the stack, which is something we do by design because our vision has always been that we want to of course offer all of these layers, and customers will choose depending on their needs and their scenarios. And we are now seeing even a single customer estate spanning all of these.
Amy E. Hood: And, Mark, I'm not sure I want to get into our pricing theory on the call on a go-forward basis in terms of whether or not we match competitors. But what I would say is really fundamentally related to Satya's point around differentiation of the entire stack and what customers are doing in their digital estate. And the ability to earn margin through that is actually more impactful than whether or not you match pricing at the core.
Mark R. Murphy: Great.
Chris Suh: Thank you, Mark. We'll take the next question, please.