
Operator: Your next question comes from John Blackledge from Cowen.
John Blackledge: Great. Thanks. Could you provide some color on ad loads for Instagram Stories versus Instagram Feed at this point? And also any color on how conversion rates have trended on Stories ads and Instagram over the past year? And then other question, just on CapEx, the guide was brought – was brought down slightly. Just any callout out there and any view on longer-term CapEx on given the ramp the past couple years? Thank you.
Dave Wehner: Sure. I’ll take that, John. So on the ad load for Instagram Stories versus Instagram Feed. I mean it’s hard to compare Stories exactly to Feed, because there’s different characteristics of Stories versus Feed, because you have effectively rolls of video when people are posting lots of Stories, and the interstitials are in between the rolls. It’s a little bit different than Feed posts, so comparing apples and oranges a bit. But we do have opportunities we think to increase effective ad load on Stories, where Instagram Feed and Facebook Feed are – we think the opportunities are much more limited to increase ad load going forward. In terms of conversion rates, I’d probably just go back to the discussion that we had on pricing and the fact that we’ve got a lot of – we’ve got a lot of supply opportunity, and pricing is clearly lower on Stories than on Feed. Part of that is due to the fact that we don’t have as many direct response formats in Stories, so that reduces the opportunities for conversion opportunities on Stories. And as we are more effective at getting direct response into Stories, that should improve, so some opportunity there. On the CapEx guidance, this is really just about better visibility on how spend will come through. A big component of CapEx’s data center builds. Those are large complex projects, so the timing of that spend, we just get better visibility on as the year progresses, but no real change in outlook. We’re continuing to invest heavily in the business. The capital intensity of the business over the last several years had come up, and part of what is driving that are real changes in the business as it relates to our opportunity to deploy capital against things like ads targeting as well as the fact that we’ve seen the user base growth shift to regions like Asia and we’re now building our CapEx to what’s effectively an Asian peak and so that’s a lower ARPU user base. So that does have some impact on capital intensity and part of the driver, where we’re seeing kind of capital intensity increase over the – over the past several years.
Deborah Crawford: Operator, we’re going to take one last question.