
Operator: Thank you. Our next comes from the line of Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research. Please proceed.
Mark L. Moerdler: Thank you. Satya, Amy, congrats on the quarter. So I got a question for Satya, and then a quick follow-up for Amy. Satya, following up on the cloud discussion, recognizing that SaaS, PaaS, infrastructure as a service, hybrid are all related. But as Azure continues to grow fast and become a bigger part of the business, how should we think about the opportunities or the opportunity size for PaaS versus infrastructure as a service? PaaS is much smaller industry-wide today, but is the opportunity is big, bigger? How should we think about that? And then a follow-up for Amy.
Satya Nadella: The opportunity I believe in both cases is high, because it just comes in different forms. IaaS growth comes because people already have existing code that they want to move over, and then they start extending by writing more PaaS because it's sort of more efficient for them to write new code and new apps in PaaS. So I think that depending on what. If you're bringing something over, your IaaS will be heavy first and then PaaS will grow. If you're starting new, you will have PaaS, which is going to be the first thing you do, but then you'll always find the need to go integrate with something that was already existing, existing data, existing code in a virtual machine. So I myself, in fact one of the things that Amy and I do, is when we think about our CapEx, we think about all these layers together. In fact we amortize our CapEx across all of these and we pay attention to margin and premium mix. Because what we have come to understand is customers, depending on where they start, how they start, have different mix profiles. So it's the all-up, as long as we're growing our premium services attach and margins for those remain strong, we feel that the mix can be different and it's okay. And we really want to speak to the needs of the customers more than any product strategy goal we have.
Mark L. Moerdler: Perfect. Thank you. Amy, a slightly different topic. Free cash flow grew 25% year on year, much faster than the other metrics. How should we think about this trend continuing?
Amy E. Hood: That was impacted, Mark, in the prior year by some integration and restructuring charges on the cash flow statement.
Mark L. Moerdler: Okay. So it's really a one-time event more than anything else.
Amy E. Hood: Yes, just always make sure you check the integration and restructuring in the prior year.
Mark L. Moerdler: Perfect. Thank you, I appreciate it. Congrats.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks, Mark.
Chris Suh: We'll go ahead and take the next question, please.