
Operator: From Drexel Hamilton, Brian White.
Brian J. White: Yeah, Tim, I'm wondering if we take a look at mainland China and we think about iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus, they've been on sale for a while now. What has been the just general response to those two new iPhones and also preorders around the iPhone X in mainland China?
Timothy D. Cook: Brian, I hate to repeat this, but we don't really disclose mix. We view it as competitive information that we want to hold tightly ourselves. In terms of the way the preorder process works in China in the channel, so not in our direct channel, but in the broader carrier channel and channel, they generally take indications of interest versus something that I would label a preorder. And so I would hesitate to even quote a number for fear it could be misconstrued. And we'll find out what the demand and where the supply and demand meet sometime in the future. I don't know when yet, but we're really excited to get going to find out.
Brian J. White: And, Tim, it's interesting that sales grew 16% sequentially. If you look at the past five years, sales were up 7% in the September quarter, so that's an average. Yet you didn't have all your iPhones in the market. So if you had to, what would you attribute that to? It's a pretty big disconnect, 16% versus an average of 7%.
Timothy D. Cook: Our emerging market performance during the quarter was very strong. And if you take China out, it's even stronger. But you can see that China rebounded. And as I'd indicated before, the China rebound was broad based across the products. And so we just had a phenomenal quarter on iPad, on the Mac, on Services, on Apple Watch, on iPhone. I mean we're literally, we're firing on all cylinders. And so that's what, that and our new products give us great confidence headed into this holiday season that this is going to be the best holiday season yet.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Brian.
Brian J. White: And, Tim -
Nancy Paxton: A replay of today's call will be available for two weeks on Apple Podcasts, as a webcast on apple.com/investor and via telephone. And the numbers for the telephone replay are 888-203-1112 or 719-457-0820, and please enter confirmation code 2484260. These replays will be available by approximate 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time today. Members of the press with additional questions can contact Kristin Huguet at 408-974-2414, and financial analysts can contact Joan Hoover or me with additional questions. Joan is at 408-974-4570, and I'm at 408-974-5420. Thank you again for joining us.