
Operator: Thank you. We will now open the lines for the question-and-answer session. Your first question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente with Nomura Securities. Your line is open.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks a lot. I have one for Mark and one for Dave. Mark, Facebook has had so much success in terms of the engagement, the growth of the engagement. I'm just wondering if there's a framework that you used to think about how much of that success is due to just the core value proposition of Facebook itself continuing to resonate with people at its most basic level as opposed to the product innovation that you've detailed in your prepared remarks or in your use cases? Which are more of a driver in your mind? And then second one for Dave. CapEx being down as a percentage of revenue in 2Q and you lowered the guidance. It doesn't feel like you guys are in the midst of ramping investment in the infrastructure. I wonder, as you look at the assets, you have so much growth, you have a shift to bandwidth intensive content and applications. Do you feel like you guys have just been more efficient in terms of your CapEx spend, or at some point should we anticipate a reacceleration of CapEx? Thanks.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: I can talk to the first part. So at some level, I do think that the core mission and promise of helping to connect people with their friends and family is very fundamental, right? And everyone has friends and family and wants to stay connected and uses a variety of tools and ways to do that in the world today, which are often very inefficient, and the Internet offers new opportunities to make that a lot better. When you look at the specific products that – and the work that we're doing, there's this process that we've followed that – where basically we'll look at an area of our products that people are using. So for example, going back a few years, News Feed, right, was – it's always been, since we rolled it out, a very central part of the product. But we're looking at the stuff with increasing rigor now where we organized the company into these product groups, and each product group leader will not just look at the product as one thing, but what are the key three or four or five use cases which often can really be their own product lines on their own, and we go through and we build those out to be world-class. And I think a lot of the success that we've seen has been because of some of the work that we've done a few years back at this point in products like News Feed and I mean that team has executed really well. But when I look forward, I'm very excited about doing the same thing for messaging and groups and video. There's many different use cases. You don't want to just look at these as one thing. There are a bunch of different use cases, and we want to be the best at each of them. And if you have good people leading those teams, then I think you can deliver that over time. So I think yes is the answer to your question. The mission is fundamentally deeply important to people, but that has to be coupled with good thorough execution of each of the available opportunities.
David M. Wehner: Yeah, Anthony. It's Dave. So on CapEx, we are absolutely investing in the infrastructure and 2015 is an investment year, so we are ramping CapEx versus 2014. The guidance is $2.5 billion to $3 billion, and that's up from $1.8 billion last year. We've got a lot of infrastructure investment that we're making across data centers, servers, network. We are clearly investing for the growth of both Facebook at its core and then also the additional services that we're bringing on. So we're proud about the efficiencies that we've had. The infrastructure team has done an outstanding job in driving good efficiencies through things like the Open Compute Project, which allows us to leverage an open-source strategy to lower our costs on server and other expensive hardware. It's been a great strategy for us. But given the growth we have in the business, given the opportunity we have before us, we're very much in investment mode in terms of the infrastructure.