
Operator: Certainly, the final question is from Paul Vogel with Barclays. Your line is open.
Paul Vogel: Great, thanks. Just two questions, one on the Facebook Sports Stadium, I’m just wondering how you think about that in terms of how is going to be different from other offerings, what’s the big differentiating factor and how do you get folks to participate in that? And the second, so just on the margin side again. Do your revenue and cost line out geographically, so there is obviously a translation impact to the numbers, but is there any operating mismatch between revenue and cost that would either benefit or margins?
Sheryl K. Sandberg: On the Sports Stadium, this is an early test, but we’re pretty excited about it. We are the largest community of sports fans in the world; we have 650 million sports fans on our platform. And people are already using Facebook to share during real-time events. It’s an increasingly important use case for us. So this gives people to share, a place to share that one event and participate in it. I think what you will see from us is always a focus on driving users and driving engagement. This is one way to do it. We’ll see how it works; we’re pretty open to experimentation. So, we feel pretty confident that real-time sharing is an increasingly important part of the platform and one we’ll continue to invest in.
Dave Wehner: And Paul, it’s Dave. I think that question is really around sort of FX and how it relates on the revenue side versus the cost side. And on that front, we’re -- substantial majority of our expenses are U.S. dollar base. So certainly we see an impact to margins with FX headwind. So that’s just the reality of having most of our development resources for instance in the U.S. So beyond that, we don’t do geographic cost breakouts and allocations; it’s not how we run the business. But certainly from an FX point of view, FX headwinds have a dampening effect on margins.
Deborah Crawford: Alright. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your time and we look forward to speaking with you again.