
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill from Jefferies.
Brent Thill: Thanks. Dave, I want to go back to the magnitude of the deceleration. I think many investors are having a hard time reconciling that type of deceleration considering how good the advertiser feedback is on your platform. And I realize you've outlined FX and Stories and the other factors, but is there something that you're hearing now from advertisers that is giving you more confidence that they're seeing something different about what we're all hearing right now? It just seems like the magnitude is beyond anything we've seen, especially across a number of tech names we all cover.
David M. Wehner: Yeah. Brent, I'll take that. And if Sheryl wants to add color, she should step in as well. This is consistent – we consistently have seen over last eight quarters constant currency deceleration. So, there's a continuation of this trend. I don't think there's anything beyond that in the factors that I outlined. I would note we've been benefiting from continued growth across Instagram. Instagram ad load in feed is at the same level as Facebook, so that would be – that's certainly been helpful in our recent quarters. So I think when you look at the factors going forward, I would say we've got the currency impact, we've got some of the impacts around privacy and the like, but we continue to get good advertiser feedback on ROI. We continue to believe we're delivering great ROI for advertisers. So I don't think there's anything from the advertiser perspective that's necessarily playing out differently than expectations. Sheryl can add any color there.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: Yeah, I'd add there. Even at decreasing growth rates, we are still growing and predicting growth at very healthy rates, and that's based on returning for advertisers. We're very focused on helping advertisers meet their ultimate goals, looking at their ROI, looking at the return they get on ringing the cash register, whether that cash register rings online or offline. And we hear from them and we continue to see in our results that we continue to deliver strong results. So we have a lot of opportunity ahead of us. We're going to continue investing in that opportunity. And what we're hearing from advertisers all over the world is that they want to continue to grow and invest with us as well.
Deborah Crawford: Operator, we have time for one last question.