
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John DiFucci with Jefferies. Please proceed.
John DiFucci: Thanks. Listen, it sounds like Cloud and Azure represents an opportunity to transition existing customers to a Cloud model, but also to expand your customer base or penetrate – or penetration into your current customer base with – I mean incremental business is what I’m talking about. I would think that most of Office 365, because most people were already on Office, represents transition from life to license model, but so far, and I know it’s still early, but so far what about the rest? Can you give us an idea of how much of this is new business and how much of this is transition business?
Satya Nadella: Let me start and then you can add. I mean I think you have to sort of look at all the use cases. In fact as I said, a lot of the Azure use case, I think you referenced this, have been non-zero-sum because our people started building their mobile back end, web back end using Big Data not workloads we have. I look at sort of everyday usage growth, even if they’re creating a web workload it’s for a very different type of web back end and a mobile back end. And the same thing with advanced analytics. I even look at the growth of virtual machine instances on Azure. We not only see Windows Server obviously but we see 20%-plus of Linux growth. So that’s again non-zero-sum . So there’s significant traction we have in terms of moving beyond just one-for-one shift of a workload that traditionally ran on our server to our Azure Cloud. In fact if anything the majority of what we are seeing is new. Even in Office 365 it’s not just one-for-one shift. Of course if you are – were using as a large enterprise Exchange and you moved to Office 365 you moved to using Exchange Online; same thing is true for SharePoint. But again take all the other things I described, power BI , Dell and the list goes on, take eDiscovery; even for the largest of enterprise these were things that had low penetration or low deployment. And so we are seeing increasing usage of that. Same thing with our Dynamics business. EMS , it’s completely a new category. We never had that kind of a management footprint. We now have the ability to have one control plane for IT for all the devices, identity management, device management, data protection. That’s a new workload. So that’s what we’re seeing. We definitely are seeing one-for-one migration, but the opportunity in everyone one of our offerings from Office 365 to Dynamics to Azure has a non-zero-sum component to it.
John DiFucci: Thanks, Satya. Just want to be clear because you said something, I mean other than Office 365 did you say the majority of the Cloud business is new business? Or – and again, I know it can’t be – I mean maybe you know exactly what it is but I’m sure some of it is somewhat cloudy or – no pun intended, or vague, but do you think most of it at this point is new business? Is that what I heard you say?
Satya Nadella: Yeah, and also it sort of comes in interesting ways because one of the things IT, as you know, it’s not about sort of replacing what you have, it’s always augmenting what you have. A very classic scenario would be I’ll take a SQL database application, bring it to the Cloud and then build a new mobile back end using the same data. So reuse of code, reuse of data, so you would use some amount if iOS infrastructure and then past consumption. So that’s one of the very typical enterprise solutions you will see. In fact, our own IT Systems, take what we have done with our HR and our financial systems and some of those things as they move to the Cloud, we bring some existing and then add to it.
Amy Hood: And, John, to your specific question, you’re right. A lot of the Azure is, the good way to think about that is new; and especially our Dynamics business, CRM online and some of the work we’ve done across AX is certainly all new. And the lower down in the segment of Office you get, the more new it is, is the way to think about it.
John DiFucci: Great. Thank you very much.
Chris Suh: Thanks. Next question, please.