
Operator: Our next question comes from Gene Munster with Piper Jaffray.
Eugene C. Munster: Good afternoon, and congratulations. I just want to follow up on a previous question. In past calls you talked about an increased focus on productivity. Is that still a focus of yours? And separately, any thoughts in terms of how robotics are impacting – any updates in terms of number of robots in fulfillment centers? Thanks.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure thing. Thanks for your questions, Gene. On robotics first, we don't have any new numbers to share with you, but we're super excited with the progress of that business. We had very high expectations for Amazon Robotics and its impact on our warehouse cost structure and we have been very pleasantly surprised by the job being done on that by that team. So that's looking great. Efficiency, yes. As we've talked about in the last few calls we have even more emphasis on variable and fixed productivity. I think that's evident in the Q2 results that you've just seen. To give you a little more color on that, I would say what does that look like? We have defect reduction and process improvements are probably something we've always done and worked on, both to lower our cost but also to improve the customer experience and also the seller and vendor experience. We're using software and algorithms to make decisions rather than people, which we think it's more efficient and scales better and will be more accurate, especially as we insert machine learning into the decisions. As I said earlier we benefit from the efficiency gains of the AWS business on the Amazon site as well. We look to increase the leverage of our fixed assets, particularly our fulfillment centers and the throughput of the fulfillment centers, and just generally getting inventory closer to customers as we add and expand warehouses in the sort centers that we added primarily last year. All have helped our cost structure, so just a little more color on maybe some specifics on the efficiency area.
Eugene C. Munster: Great. Thank you.