
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my question. I have two. The first on -- Mark, you mentioned Facebook app in particular had a strong quarter in the US and Canada. We can see it in the DAU numbers. We would be curious to hear about any specific products or changes or types of behavior you're seeing that really is driving the stronger engagement on Big Blue. And the second one, you have so many monetization I guess call them almost products to come. You talked about commerce and IGTV and Stories and Discover. Just as we sort of think about the timing of these, which one or two of those are you sort of most excited about to drive the business into 2020? Thanks.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes, I can take the first one on the Facebook app. It's a bunch of different places in which I think we made improvements. I would say globally especially outside the US, we saw good improvements around -- engagement around video. In the US, I think it was less video and more core feed engagement. So it's a bunch of different factors and I think we're seeing good engagement from a bunch of cohorts in the US, which is good. But of course we are highly penetrated in the US and Canada. So we would expect that to bounce around. So I think we saw great growth this quarter. We are quite penetrated. In terms of monetization opportunities, I can speak to that and Mark can add color if you would like. Obviously -- and Sheryl would like to add color as well. So, Stories is obviously one of the big growing areas for us and continues to be a big driver. We're also seeing opportunities around Instagram Explore going into 2020. We're now monetizing with that product and more advertisers are buying from it and then Sheryl is going to jump in and I think give some additional color.
Sheryl Sandberg: Yes, I think in terms of our core advertising products and growth, it's worth really remembering that our core feed products for Facebook and Instagram are growing nicely and well. And we see a lot of opportunity to continue that growth. Definitely, Stories is a big part of the success. We've had I think a lot of success moving advertisers to where people already are. That's what happened with mobile ads. People weren't really doing mobile ads and we helped them get there. I think we've taken our experience on how to help advertisers migrate to the right places and been able to do that even more quickly in new formats like Stories. So of our more than 7 million advertisers, we already have 3 million advertising across Facebook, Instagram and Messenger Stories. And I think that's because we learned that we have to do a lot to help them move. So for example, advertisers can now buy Stories across Facebook, Instagram and Messenger all at once. We had automatic default templates which convert your feed ads into vertical Stories format and this quarter we just launched customizable templates, which help you save time and resources. So as we have to help advertisers move, we've learned how to make those investments in making the formats really easy, the measurement really easy, the buying really easy. Now, the mix to Stories is a big opportunity for us. Stories still does monetize at the same rate as a News Feed right now. So, we're keeping an eye on that. But the growth over the long run is pretty exciting. And I think our ability to help people migrate is something that we're able to prove out quarter over quarter.