
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Mahaney: Thanks. Just comment a little bit on the international revenue outlook and any commentary on India and whether you think there's a material impact on your business? Secondly, could you talk about advertising revenue, just qualitatively or quantitatively, how that's doing? And third, if I could, you spent a lot on marketing in the quarter, it's a real step up. Do you just want to talk about the ROI that you think you're getting on that marketing spend?
Brian Olsavsky: Sure, Mark. The first question is on India. Let me start with that. So we have incorporated into our guidance estimate, the best estimate we have for Q1 in India, however, there is much uncertainty as to what the impact of the government rule change is going to have on the e-commerce sector there. We remain committed to complying with all laws and regulations, we will, but we're evaluating the situation. Our main issue and our main concern is trying to minimize the impact to our customers and sellers in India. We've built our business around price selection and convenience. We don't think the changes help in those dimensions for both the customers in India and also the sellers. Dave, why don’t you talk about the advertising growth?
Dave Fildes: Yeah, yeah. I think I mean, we're continuing to -- there's a lot of focus on serving that customer set. One of the things we're trying to do is continually evolve our tools and the products to help that customer set agencies, advertisers, make sure they've got a variety of ways to meet their goals. Some of the things we've done more recently over the last few months or so is expanded sponsor brands, placements, some rolled out new campaign reports, so improved campaign manager features. So a number of -- there's a number of things beyond that, but features out there that are just going to, I think, make it easier for companies to grow with the ad tools and the ad services that we offer and we're continually excited about the opportunity there.
Brian Olsavsky: And then on your question of marketing, yes, the marketing percent of revenue was up 110 basis points year-over-year. This category also includes AWS sales and marketing and keep that in mind, because that's where a lot of our headcount investment is going. Headcount only grew 14% year-over-year, but the areas that were growing in that mix were things like technology teams, device areas, AWS, especially sales and marketing. So variable marketing was pretty consistent with prior periods and we feel good about our return on investment on the marketing, the variable marketing.