
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my question. I have one for Mark. Mark, the offerings on the core Facebook app have improved and changed a lot over the years from Groups, Live Video Search, et cetera. I'm curious to hear how you've noticed consumer behavior on the core product, the core Facebook app change as Instagram has grown. And how do you think about that evolving over the next three to five years? Thanks.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: So the main value proposition for the Facebook app is helping people share any type of content that they want with any audience that matters to them. So you can go from text to photo to video, from small groups to larger groups, from your friends to everyone in the world. And that's always been where the Facebook app has excelled. There have been different experiences that are more focused on specific things. But with a strong technological foundation supporting all of these different use cases, the Facebook app has always supported people using all of them. Now the biggest trend that we see in consumer behavior is definitely video. And there's a strong technological underpinning for that, which is that if you go back five years and you tried to watch a video on your phone, it would probably have to buffer for a minute or so before you'd actually get to watch it, which wasn't a good experience. And if you wanted to upload a video, whether it was a longer video like what you'd post to News Feed or a 10-second story like what you'd post in any of the apps, even that might take 30 seconds to upload, so it wasn't a good experience. So now as the technology on the network level improves to support that, what we're seeing is the ability to serve what is a large amount of demand for what's a very engaging type of content. And that demand flows across social content like we're seeing in Stories and Feed to clearly a huge amount of public content. Pages are engaging in this, and some of the trends that Dave just talked about for just a lot of video behavior across the platform.