
Operator: The next question is from Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Justin Post: I’ll ask couple of longer term questions. First, I know a year ago you gave us usage update and time spent, wondering if video or any other products are having a big impact on usage and if you can give us any metrics there. And then maybe one for Sheryl, we have you have at 8% of all media time spent. I’m just wondering if you think Facebook could monetize better than other forms of media based on time spent or maybe a little bit below. And then maybe one for Dave, 60% margins last quarter, obviously very strong. And just wondering what you think about the long-term, any comments on long-term margins?
Sheryl Sandberg: In terms of monetizing time spent, it’s certainly the case that consumers have shifted to mobile and businesses need to catch up. The exact [ph] percentage we can monetize that we’ll see, but we certainly think that we will continue to benefit from the consumer shift to mobile, because businesses are behind. If you ask even our largest clients, our largest clients, if they drew a pie chart of where their consumer spend their time and money and whether they spend their time, we’re still under-indexed. That said I’ll say it again, we’ve a lot of hard work to do. We really need to prove to clients particularly as they scale and we become a bigger part of their spent that we’re driving results. Other platforms, other forms of advertising like TV and other have very established metrics that people have believed for a very long time. We think our targeting can be better than any other platform. We also believe our ability to measure results can be deeper, but it’s up to us to prove and to prove that client-to-client. It’s also worth noting that we work really well with TV. It’s not always the choice of TV or Facebook, but often we can be a complement. We’ve done a bunch of work with Nielsen to measure what happens when marketers do big TV campaigns and do campaigns that are broadly, broadly targeted on Facebook. And we are able to increase the reach and increase brand favorability. So for the most part when people are doing big campaigns, they’re doing them across multiple platforms and we think that will continue.
Dave Wehner: Justin on time spent, there is no question that video is helping us on time spent and engagement. We’re not -- you won’t have any specific stats other than the hours per day -- or sorry time spent per day that Mark mentioned on video. So no updates on stats there other than that. In terms of our long-term margins, we’re not managing the business to a specific margin target in any year. We still think we’re early in investing in the business. And we’re really investing in new areas today where we see a long-term opportunity for revenue growth. That being said, we do think there is a lot of margin potential in this business, given the focus on advertising, but no target at this point.