
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini from Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Great. I just wanted to go back to the opening remarks about the 35,000 people. I think you mentioned that you have working on safety and is that you're spending more, I think your budget for this area you said is more than it was back when you went public in 2012. So, maybe about $5 billion. I just was wondering if you could share with us your view on how much you're using, you talked about AI in the past being helpful here. How long does this have to be as resource-intensive from a people perspective or do you see the ability over time as with technologies like AI potentially helping you to get more leverage out of this existing budget, so maybe you don't have to continue to ramp it as quickly as your user base and engagement continues to grow. Thank you.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. So over time we may not have to ramp it as much, but I don't foresee any time in the near future that AI is going to make it to that if the cost comes down. In general what we have to do is we use computers and AI for what they're good for which is looking at a lot of content very quickly and making quick judgments. And we have teams of people doing what people are good for which is making nuanced human judgments. And so you build the computer system, in that way they can flag and get rid of some of the worst stuff, and so they can flag for human review, some of the stuff that's borderline and then there's just so much content flowing through the system that we do need a lot of people looking at this. And I don't think that's going to change anytime soon.
Dave Wehner: And Heather, I would add that when you're using systems to look at content, when you're using AI machine learning systems, it's a real benefit to have actual people looking and tagging that content, classifying it because it helps those machine learning algorithms be able to learn what they're looking at. So you actually have -- we do have actually ramped in people who are doing the tagging and classification. So there is actually expense related to AI that's on the human side in the near-and medium-term as well. So very much in line with what Mark said. Over time it's an opportunity to maybe slow down the growth, but it's not going to change the dynamics in the near term.