
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Karl Keirstead: Thank you. Amy, I’ve got a question about the Windows business. A couple of the metrics, 18% Windows OEM Pro and 16% on the volume licensing side were extraordinary. I know you called out a couple of, call it, one-time issues around inventory levels and an uptick in in-quarter revs. But I wanted to ask you two questions. How much of a tail do you think we’ve left on the Win7 to Win10 migration? Is it too cautious to say that there's really just two quarters of that tailwind left? And, secondly, on the volume licensing or commercial and cloud services segment, do you think that can, in fiscal '20 contribute to your overall double-digit growth? Thanks a lot.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Karl. And I will actually combine these, because really those are fundamental driver that sits underneath this and then we can get to the specifics of end of support. There's, I think a recognized momentum with Windows 10 if deployment inside of enterprises for its security and management value prop. We worked hard and I think Satya mentioned some of the new features as we continue to invest on security for all of our products. One of the places I think it often resonates the most is with Windows 10 and inside that value. The OEM Pro number as I talked about was impacted by a number of factors, but what we’ve seen is over the past three or four quarters, a pretty consistent sort of high single-digit performance once you take out various impacts and chip supply and inventory levels on the tariffs. That performance certainly has some end of support impact to it as we've talked about before. I think, in general, what we've seen in prior releases is, it does extend a bit past the deadline, especially in our small and mid-sized business customers, and it's really important for us to continue to work hard to have the small and medium businesses find a path forward to make sure they can experience the most secure computing environment we have. And so, we will see some extension pass the line, we certainly have seen three or four quarters of that and we certainly expect H1 to remain strong. The more important part around the security management value prop is in fact I'm going to pivot back again a little bit, because it's the same thing we saw in Office. The Microsoft 365 value prop to customers, especially in the second half of the year and particularly in Q4, has three components. It has Office 365, it has EMS, and it has its Windows 10 commercial component. The Windows 10 commercial component will look far more like our success and our motion and overall being able to sell the Microsoft 360 value prop. It was a good quarter for that. We’ve seen consistent double-digit billings in this segment and it speaks to that. I expect that to continue, although you will have volatility because what's interesting about that specific metric is, it has a little bit more 606 impact than we’ve felt it's an on-prem product. And so there will be volatility in this number, but the consistent theme of being double-digit billings that really match our strength in Office 365, I think -- and I do expect to continue.
Karl Keirstead: Okay, terrific. Thanks, Amy.
Michael Spencer: Thanks, Karl. Operator, we will move to the next question, please.