
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks. Two if I can. First, just on the advertising side, we hear a lot of positive feedback from customers, but also we hear suggestions of their supply constraints. So, how do you guys see inventory growth versus pricing growth as a driver in that business and are there things you can do to grow inventory? And then secondly, there have been some reports, your Amazon shipping effort is kind of expanding beyond some test markets. So wondering if you can give us a sense for what you've seen in this test markets and how you think about expanding your shipping efforts on that productized basis going forward? Thanks.
Brian Olsavsky: Yeah. Lloyd, thanks for the questions. I'll take the advertising piece first. I mean, I think as I talked before, we're working on the improving usability of tools. I mean, our priorities in the space, that's certainly one of them looking for ways to make smarter recommendations, addressing the needs of brands, automating activities, incenting new products and I think in all those regards in those priorities, we think there's some good growth to continue to come both in advertising for on our own properties, but also potentially beyond, over the longer term, so, but even as we look for advertising opportunities on places like Amazon.com, we think there's a lot of opportunity and a lot of experimentation. I think we're learning and are a very data interested company and working with a lot of great brands to be able to develop better toolkits for them, understand what types of metrics they want to make them more successful based on what they're telling us.
Dave Fildes: Yeah. And on transportation, I assume you're just talking about our expansion of Amazon deliveries and Amazon logistics. Again, we have great partners in place for our business and support globally, what we do is add capacity where we feel we need to speed up service or ensure demand, particularly at peak. So we will continue to build out our DSP and flex and chip with Amazon programs. So during the quarter, it was a much bigger presence obviously year-over-year, so we're happy with that, both from a performance standpoint, the delivery estimate accuracy as we call it was very strong on our self-delivered products and also the cost profile is very good as well.