
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citi. Please proceed.
Walter H. Pritchard: Hi, thanks, two things, Amy. I think you mentioned in the script that Windows – there was some Windows volatility around some new SKU pricing. Could you go into some detail there? And then secondarily – I know we may get this at Analyst Day, but around ASC 606, I knew you're going to adopt that early, and I think that will change to some degree your annuity revenue. I wondered if you could give us any color, even directionally, on what percentage of that annuity revenue is licensed that after ASC 606 will go up front.
Amy E. Hood: Great. On ASC 606, we will talk about it in detail actually on May 10 in terms of the timing and what you can expect. You will also note in the 10-Q this quarter, we do give a look at the initial impact on an annual basis, using last year as an example. The biggest difference on an annual basis with the adoption of ASC 606 will really just be the change from Windows OEM. Now what we will talk about in more detail is that the quarter-to-quarter results in any given year will be a little bit more volatile. But over any annual period, the biggest difference will really just be the change in some ways back to how we thought about OEM revenue. So that's what I would think of on ASC 606.
Walter H. Pritchard: And then a question on...
Amy E. Hood: Windows, I'm sorry. I answered them in the opposite order. And on the Windows pricing, which we talked about, we do and always have worked with Windows SKUs as we release new products and add new value. This quarter, we had a bit of a mix shift to a higher-end SKU. And starting in April, we've introduced other SKUs that have more value in them at lower processing specs. And so what you'll continue to see is that would normalize. Even though we saw some high-end SKUs this quarter do well, I would expect in Q4 to have the normal breadth of those SKUs and revert back to looking much more like the commercial PC market itself.
Walter H. Pritchard: Great, thank you.
Chris Suh: Thank you, Walter. We'll go to the next question, please.