
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Nathanson from MoffettNathanson.
Michael B. Nathanson: Thanks. I have three philosophical questions on video for you guys. Anyone can grab them. The first is, it was interesting to see the NFL games go from Twitter to Amazon. I wonder. Do the NFL games fit with your video strategy, and why or why not? That's one. Two is, I know the model is revenue share, but a lot of the more traditional companies would like a license fee or the ability to sell their own inventory on your platform. Is that something you'd consider? And last but not least, the question about monetization, why is mid-roll optimal to pre-roll, and can you share anything about the testing of that concept?
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: I can talk about sports. So in terms of experimenting with different content, I think we'll try a number of different things here. In terms of working with folks to produce all kinds of content, sports is probably something that we'll want to try at some point. But again, like Dave said before, the goal is going to be creating some anchor content initially that helps people learn that going to the video tab that that's a great destination where they can explore and come to Facebook with the intent to watch the videos that they want. And then the long-term goal is actually not to be paying for specific content like that, but doing a revenue share model once the whole economy around video on Facebook is built up. But we're working on that, and I think we'll probably look at different pieces of content like this around the world, but at this point don't feel like any specific one of them is a must-have for us.
David M. Wehner: And I think Mark touched on the question of business model here, and our focus really is on revenue share. We'll be investing to kick-start the ecosystem with content, so derisking it for some of our content partners to start off with, but the focus is really to build a rev-share model over time that's sustainable. That's the focus as opposed to other models. In terms of why mid-roll is preferable to pre-roll, Facebook is well suited for shorter-form content where we're ranking things to be longer-form as well. So we're ranking longer-form video, but that's still relatively short video views. And for that reason, we think mid-roll is a better user experience.
Deborah Crawford: Operator, I think we have time for one last question.