
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we’ll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. Thank you guys for taking the question. And congratulations on a really nice quarter. I wanted to dig into Azure a little bit. I think growth overall in Azure this quarter is probably ahead of most peoples’ expectations. And it sounds like the type of business that’s being done on Azure is becoming more strategic and changing a little bit. So, Satya, I was hoping you could talk to us a little bit about the types of workloads, the type of sort of services that are being used on Azure, how that’s evolved over the past year. And Amy, for you, maybe there is a new KPI, I believe. You gave us sort of the growth in the Enterprise Mobility of 55%. Was that in line with your expectations? Because I know you were sort of tempering our expectations on growth in that part of the business. Is that growing in line with kind of the slowdown you were expecting or is that better than you had imagined?
Satya Nadella: Yes. So, let me -- first of all thanks Keith for the question. And so, let me start. Overall, in terms of the workload mix, it’s been fairly stable, which is our hybrid value proposition really has continued to resonate. So, that means there’s a bunch of workloads that are migrating to the cloud, people use both Azure Stack plus Azure. So, that continues to drive a lot of IaaS growth for us as people are sort of looking basically to lift and shift a lot of their current data center workloads. Then, on top of it, we even have modernization of apps that is accelerating. And that drives a lot of the higher level services, in particular our data services as well as our AI services when AI services are essentially compute, but what happens is all this compute then requires storage and data, and that’s another place where we see increasing acceleration. The one thing that I would say that I am increasingly seeing is Tier 1 workloads. In some sense, when you think about some of the commitments being made by some of the biggest brands in the world in terms of what they’re doing, one, it’s very core to their operation; and two, they are running it in the cloud. And so, that’s one thing that definitely is a market difference for us.
Amy Hood: And to your question on the per user services, specifically Enterprise Mobility, Keith, it was a bit better than I had anticipated in Q4. And really, driver of these per user services, such as EMS, actually is the value proposition that Satya refers to, and we refer to as Microsoft 365 and we saw strength broadly. And if you think about that, it’s the Windows commercial, it’s Office 365 commercial and EMS. And really that I think what we heard a lot was the value of the security and management continue to add more supported endpoints, offer really tremendous value to customers. And we did see a bit more strength than I was anticipating in Q4.