
Operator: The next question is from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Justin Post: Thanks, a question for Mark. There have been some concerns about traffic to publishers and sharing levels on Facebook. I just wondered if you could talk about core Facebook engagement. What's really working? Are you concerned at all about that? And then when you think about the ad loads, are you comfortable with where they're at, is there still a lot of room to go? And then maybe last one, if you were to ever leave Facebook, what would happen to your voting shares? Thank you.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: All right, let's talk about engagement first. So overall sharing is up across Facebook, and people are spending more time on Facebook and the whole family of apps. And that is not just the case for the aggregate of the growing community, but it's actually also the case on a per-person basis as well in terms of people sharing more and spending more time individually. Now one of the things that we see is that the way that we are sharing is always changing, and some of this is because of underlying technical transition. So on desktop, for example, it's easier to type, so we saw more text posts. On mobile, it's easier to take videos, so we see more videos. On desktop, people would have more commonly uploaded an album of photos that they took from their digital camera and downloaded onto their computer; whereas on mobile, the more common behavior is to take a single photo or a couple and just post those. So there are all these transitions. And that's our job, is to make it so that we build great tools that people – everyone around the world can share anything that they want with everyone. Now the other thing that's also true is that people want to share with lots of different kinds of audiences. So Facebook gives you the ability to share with all of your friends and publicly if you want and with groups. But we're also investing in things like Messenger and WhatsApp because a lot of people want to share increasingly messages privately one on one or with very small groups. So in addition to Messenger, which is at 900 million people a month, and WhatsApp, which is at more than 1 billion people a month, Facebook Groups is also at more than 1 billion people a month, which I think represents the increasing diversity of the different types of audiences that people want to share with. But ultimately, I think that humans have such a deep desire to express themselves and want to connect with the people around them that I think that all of these audiences and all of these different types of media should grow over time. And it's our job to basically make sure that we build good products and get rid of all the bugs and make it so the performance is fast, and all the basic stuff works, that way we get there. But in general, right now all the high-level trends look pretty positive on that. I think I'll kick it off to Dave to go through your questions about some of the technical pieces about the reclassification.
David M. Wehner: Sure. I guess, also, Justin, you had a question on ad load, so I'll do both the ad load and the question on the reclassification. So on ad load, it's definitely up from where we were couple of years ago. I think it's really worth emphasizing that what has enabled us to do that is just improving the quality and the relevance of the ads that we have, and that's enabled us to show more of them without harming the user experience at all. So that's been really key. Over time, we would expect that ad load growth will be a less significant factor driving overall revenue growth, but we remain confident that we've got opportunities to continue to grow supply through the continued growth in people and engagement on Facebook as well as on our other apps such as Instagram. On the question regarding what would happen to Mark's shares if he were to leave Facebook, I'd just refer that the new multi-class capital structure is generally dependent on Mark continuing to maintain an active leadership role at Facebook. And if you go into the proxy materials, it goes into more detail on how different things would play out under various other scenarios. So I would just refer you to those.