
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citi. Please proceed.
Walter H. Pritchard: Hi. Thanks. Amy, I'm wondering if you could talk about on the computing side, the personal computing side, you talked about this quarter seeing growth ahead of the PC market. You alluded to a diversity of devices coming in the second half. How do you think about that variable in the model say beyond this sort of launch period where you have a little bit of a differing mix going on in devices and you get to more of a steady state out in kind of years two and three of the Windows 10 launch? Do you think you can grow ahead of the PC market? Or do you think – I know for the last few years you've grown below the PC market. Just wondering how we should think about that.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks, Walter. Let me talk a little bit about what I said in my outlook. This quarter, as I just talked about, the non-Pro outperformance versus the market was really due to a higher revenue per license. I expect that actually to continue in Q2. I expect our overall Pro business to remain in line with business PCs. Once we work through sort of the end of XP bump, that really should be in the line. And as we talked about, as we move through the year, I do expect things to more normalize overall in terms of RPL comparisons. But I do think that's probably the best way to think about the curve over the course of the year.
Walter H. Pritchard: And then on the commercial licensing part, specifically within productivity, I know you sort of had an old breakout and a new breakout where we don't see commercial licensing necessarily within Productivity. But would you expect that piece, the commercial licensing within Productivity given the transition going on to be stable? Or would that decline as you see the transition over to the cloud in Productivity specifically?
Amy E. Hood: Let me try and if I missed the question or misunderstood it, you can help me again. I think you're asking about our core Office commercial business, the product side versus the service side.
Walter H. Pritchard: Correct.
Amy E. Hood: And really, okay good. The trend we saw there, as I said, we're 5% up in a constant currency basis. That was 70% cloud minus 8% on prem. That's a trend that's not new for us. We've thought about making this transition as quickly as possible, but what we're seeing, which you heard us talk about, was a transition to increasing premium mix, selling more workloads, doing all of that while we're growing the installed base. So if you think back to how we've talked about the long term, the lifetime value equation, it's those components that I really think about proving out over time, and we had lots of encouraging signs about that. New users, Satya referenced on the small business and mid-market side. Premium mix, we talked about how many premium services we're now selling. And then in terms of renewals, they're quite good, which we talked about. And so I think all of those, when you talk about should we expect the traditional business to be in decline, I don't think that's new. I think what's important is our ability to switch it to the services and add more over time that really I focus on.
Walter H. Pritchard: Okay. Thank you.
Chris Suh: Great. We'll move to the next question, please.