
Operator: . Your first question comes from the line of Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley. 
Brian Nowak: I have two. Just the first one on Instagram Checkout, Instagram Commerce. I'm curious to hear about sort of early learnings of what you've learned from the hundreds of adopters and sort of what you think are the 1 or 2 key points of friction you really have to get over to build that business into a larger contributor over the next couple of years. And then, Dave, I guess to go back to your comment about the majority of the impact that lies ahead when you're thinking about ad targeting and privacy regulation, is there any more detail you can give us as sort of types of data or types of sort of breakage that you see as potential risk to the targeting and the efficacy of the ads going forward?
Sheryl Sandberg: So I'll take the first part of the question. So when you think about the shopping experience or the checkout experience on Instagram, these are still very early days, and we're working hard to improve the product and expand to more businesses. These require full integration. So our focus is making sure we get the right partners on board and consumers have a great experience all the way through.  We expanded shopping to all -- shopping ads to all advertisers globally Q4, and we began testing checkout and shopping ads. And what you're going to see from us is very small steps to get more people in and make this deeper across the experience people have. But you are right that we are moving very slowly and very, very, very carefully because we want to make sure the entire experiences is right across the board before we go deeper and go broader.
David Wehner: Yes. Thanks, Brian. Yes, we are seeing headwinds in terms of targeting and measurement. But as I noted, the majority of that impact lies in front of us. Just as a reminder, we utilize signals from user activity on third-party website and services in order to deliver relevant and effective ads to our users. And in that regard, there are sort of three overlying factors that I'd point to, and I spoke to these on prior calls as well.  First, the recent regulatory initiatives like GDPR and now CCPA have impacted, and we expect they'll continue to impact our ability to use such signals. Secondly, mobile operating systems and browser providers such as Apple and Google have announced product changes and future plans that will limit our ability to use those signals. And then finally, we've made our own product changes that gives users the ability to limit our use of such data signals to improve ads and other experiences. And there I'd point to something like the rollout of off-Facebook activity controls, and that's at 100% today.  So, each of these factors limits our ability to target and measure the effectiveness of ads on our platform, and that can negatively impact our advertising revenue growth. Both Mark and Sheryl talked about the importance of ad targeting for small businesses. And I think it's important to note that the regulatory and platform changes will have a disproportionate impact on the ability of small businesses to use ads to grow and thrive.