
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark S. Mahaney: I'm tempted to ask about the long-term margins for AWS, but I won't. Could you talk about two areas? One, EGM growth in North America. It's accelerated really strongly. Any color behind what's – any particular categories that are driving that? And secondly, you've made some public comments in the last eight months about some, on the retail side, about investments internationally, particularly in India. Could you just refresh us on what kind of levels of spend you're interested in targeting in that market, and then maybe as part of that, any comments on China and how well you think you're doing there now. Thanks a lot.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure. On EGM growth, I won't call out any particular categories, but it is a direct reflection of our efforts to grow selection, both our retail selection and also our third party, particularly FBA which is also Prime eligible and then just the responsiveness of our customers, especially our Prime customers to the EGM product line. So, we're very encouraged with EGM growth. And on India, I will not – excuse me – I won't give specific dollar numbers around investment, but I can give you an update on India. We're really encouraged with what we are seeing, both on the customer side and the seller side. On the customer side – excuse me, active customer accounts are up 230% year-over-year. We are in the middle of the Diwali season that is going really well. Sales are 4x what they were last year. So customers are responding greatly this year. We continue to invest. We've been adding products at a rate of 40,000 products per day so far this year. And just as big as the number of sellers, the sellers, the number of sellers has grown more than 250% year-over-year, 90% of those sellers are using our logistics and warehouse services. And as a result, we've tripled our fulfillment capacity year-over-year. So we are very encouraged, as I said last quarter in India, and continue to invest there very heavily.
Phil Hardin: Mark, I think you asked about China as well, this is Phil. So we're continuing to work on some of the items we've been talking about for a couple of quarters now. So the team had some interesting ideas, really focused on making Amazon a trusted conduit for Chinese customers to access, authentic international branded products, and things that customers can't get. I think Amazon Global Store continues to expand the selection there. We added about another 400,000 items to that store this quarter and continue to focus on using our global network of vendors to be able to get those products to customers. We continue to test store on Tmall as well. The team has some other ideas, but that's what we're talking about so far.