
Operator: Your next question is from Eric Sheridan with UBS. Your line is open.
Eric J. Sheridan: Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe one for Mark and one more Sheryl. Mark, you talked about the family of apps at Facebook. As more and more people are consuming professional content, different verticals like news, sports, and video format on Facebook, how do you think about the use case for the consumption of that content inside the main Facebook app versus maybe an even separate app for more professional content long-term for Facebook? And then for Sheryl, appreciate the color you gave us on the evolution of targeting on Facebook. Wanted to know either qualitatively or quantitatively if you could talk a little bit about the way those ads are performing as you continue to evolve the product set around targeting on Facebook and off, in particular around Dynamic Product Ads and what that might mean for closing the loop longer term. Thanks so much, guys.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: Yeah. So in terms of news and different kinds of content, I know this has traditionally been something that we've delivered a really good experience for in terms of people being able to share the content that they want, being able to get access to the content that they want, different recommendations from friends, and we've a lot more coming there, so I'm excited about that. And we definitely do see in this family of app strategy that there's so many new ways that people want to share content, and so many different types of sets of people that people want to share with, right, ranging from one person at a time and that would be messaging or small group sharing or sharing with interest-based communities or sharing with all your friends at once or sharing with public. There are just a lot of different experience that needs to get built. And a lot of what we're trying to do is enable a number of those things through Facebook, while also building unique world-class services to enable people to share all the things they care about with all the different sets of people that they care about. So we're going to keep on doing more there. But we're happy with where we are now. We have a number of services that are reaching pretty good scale and I think we'll keep on pushing that.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: To your question on targeting and closing the loop, these are two really important pieces for what we want to do. Our goal when we work with marketers is to drive their business, and that means their products off the shelves, their services into the hands of people, and so in order to do that well, we need to work on targeting and we need to work on measurement. So with targeting, a more relevant ad is just better, it's better experience for consumers because they see something they like in their News Feed and it has a higher return for marketers. And so we're very focused on getting more people to use our targeting tools from Custom Audiences which lets people target ads differently to their current customers or people who they'd like to be their customers to look like audiences which enables us to identify the kind of characteristics of your current customers and then find other people on Facebook who share those characteristics so, again, the ad is well targeted. I think our targeting abilities are really second to none, and I'll share a recent example. XFINITY put out a voice guide for visual disabilities, and they did this, they did this by doing an Oscar commercial with a girl who is blind imagining what Wizard of Oz characters looked like. Now by doing that at the Oscars, that's obviously TV and it's a very broad ad and that's because they were both showing a product but also working on their brand. On Facebook, they took that ad and showed it to movie fans, Wizard of Oz fans and also people connected to accessibility causes. That's actually pretty specific targeting that lets them hit exactly the right audience and amplify what they were doing on TV, and I think that's the kind of thing that only we can do at scale, and it shows how important targeting is. When you think about closing the loop, you then have to add in the measurement piece because if we can connect, people seeing ads on Facebook to what they buy, in stores or in other ways, that's how you close the loop and that's why we put so much investment and hopefully so much innovation behind measurement. So conversion tracking is increasingly used, and we work with our marketers to use it even more, and we're also really excited about conversion list because that's the first product we've had which scientifically measures the additional business you get from Facebook ads. It compares test groups that see ads with control groups that don't. So whatever you're measuring in terms of conversions whether it's sales or website clicks or registrations, we can A, B test and see exactly what the impact Facebook has. I think we're still at the beginning of this. I think there is so much more we can do to make ads more relevant on Facebook and so much more we can do to measure results, and I think our future growth will depend on executing on that very well.