
Operator: From Goldman Sachs, Simona Jankowski.
Simona K. Jankowski: Thank you. I have a question for Luca and then one for Tim as well. Luca, I wanted to dig into the Services business a bit more. As you pointed out, it accelerated again to 24%. How does that compare to the pace of growth of the installed base, just to help us decouple how much of it is consumption driven on a per user basis versus the base as a whole?
Luca Maestri: Simona, the installed base number is something that we talk about periodically. The last time we talked about it, it was in the January call. It is growing. Our installed base is growing very well, which is very important for us. It's growing on all major products and it's growing of course in total. When you look at our Services revenue, the growth of the Services revenue has been accelerating during the course of the year during a period when, as you know, our revenue came down slightly. So what that means in practice is that what we are seeing with our customers that consume our services is that the people that are actually taking advantage of our services over time tend spend more and more on our services. We've got customers that are very engaged with our products. They're very loyal, and so you see this upward trajectory of our Services business. It's not only with the App Store but there's several categories that are growing very well for us. Tim mentioned Apple Music, but we got other parts of the business that continue to do well, even as I said during a period of time when our sales have come down a bit.
Simona K. Jankowski: Thank you. And then Tim, we've seen an increasing focus on artificial intelligence, both in smartphones like the new Pixel from Google but also in some of the home assistance, like the Amazon Echo. And you guys have obviously had Siri for a while as well. But I just am curious how you think about balancing AI with your focus on privacy. And then also how important it is to have a dedicated home assistant versus just having the phone as the home assistant?
Timothy Donald Cook: I think to answer your second question first, I think that most people would like an assistant with them all the time. And we live in a mobile society. People are constantly moving from home to work and to other things that they may be doing. And so the advantage of having a assistant on your phone is it's with you all the time. That doesn't say that there is not a nice market for a home one. I'm not making that point. I'm just saying on a balance point of view, I think the usage of one on the phone will likely be much greater. In fact, you can just look at Siri today and this is now accelerating with iOS 10 and the Mac, but we've been getting 2 billion requests a week for Siri. And so it's very large and to the best of our knowledge, we've shipped more assistant enabled devices than probably anyone out there. Our focus is on this worldwide, and so it's not only a U.S. focus, but we want to deliver a great experience around the world and deliver it globally, and so we've put a lot of the energy into doing that. In terms of the balance between privacy and AI, this is a long conversation, but at a high level, I think it's a false trade-off that people would like you to believe that you have to give up privacy in order to have AI do something for you. We don't buy that. It may take a different kind of work. It might take more thinking, but I don't think we should throw our privacy away. It's sort of like the age-old argument about privacy versus security. We should have both. It shouldn't be making a choice. And so that at a high level is how we see it.
Simona K. Jankowski: Thank you.
Timothy Donald Cook: Yes.
Nancy Paxton: Thank you, Simona. Could we have the next question, please?