
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Helfstein with Oppenheimer. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Helfstein: Thanks. Two questions. As we think about investment in the first quarter in 2017, any color how to think about domestic versus international. You did give some comments about India, but just any other color or how to think about it? And then on AWS, you announced both new products that reinvent at the low end and at the high end. Any commentary on if that impacted the types of customers who you've been adding on AWS with those new products. Thank you.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Sure. I can't give an exact split of the investments by geography, but I would say most of the fulfillment expansion was in North America last year. Most of those 26 warehouses we talked about. We see that being more balanced over time and being more global as we move forward. Video content is with the new global program, global Prime Video is becoming more global with the launch in India as well. And, of course, we had Prime Video in some of our existing countries prior to that. So that is going more global and will be more balanced. As we see devices roll out to other countries, same thing. So I would say over time it will become more balanced and probably what you've seen in the short run tended to be more North America focused. But I can't give you a great split of – I'm not giving you the absolutes anyway, so I can't give you a great split of the two. And I will also say that we are – not all of our investments are on the consumer side. AWS continues to expand their global footprint. Last year, we added regions in the UK and Canada. We now have 42 availability zones in 16 geographic regions and we will continue to grow that business globally. And India, again, we've mentioned, but that is, obviously, an international investment.
Darin Manney: On the customer split, we serve – in AWS, we serve millions of active customers along the spectrum of large enterprise companies as well as small startups and the public company – or public environment as well. The multitude of launches that we had in reinvent was great for all sizes of customers, really, both large and small; both companies starting – just getting their start with AWS, but also companies that have been engaged with AWS for many years. And so we're really happy about the engagement of reinvent and the participation in that conference as well as the engagement of the new services that we've launched in Q4 and all of 2016, really.