
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you so much. I had a couple questions for Amy. Just thinking through with the Azure mix becoming an ever bigger portion of IC revenue and when you factor in continued gross margin expansion that you continue to show in Azure, how should we think about the gross margin potential of IC overall? And I guess, I also wanted to ask about the build out of data centers related to the cloud build out, how do we think about your points of presence today from a coverage perspective, if you will, versus the regional -- the revenue pockets that you’re targeting over the next few years? Thanks.
Amy Hood: Great. Heather, let me -- on gross margin, over a long-term period and intelligent cloud, given the expansive TAM and the growth opportunity we see, it will create gross margin pressure over long-term. Now over the next period, especially in H1, we continue to see -- expect to see very good hybrid percentage and execution, which help to offset some of that. So even as we continue to see Azure gross margin improvement at the IaaS and PaaS layer, just given the TAM and our opportunities, it will create long-term pressure on that gross margin number. But of course a lot of opportunity in terms of gross margin dollar growth and of course operating margin dollar growth as we move forward. When it comes to our build out, Heather, I tend to think two components. The majority of our capital expenditures is actually in server equipment, it's new capacity. It's not necessarily in the overall geo footprint build out. We will of course continue to do that where it makes sense and where opportunity presents itself. We do a very good job in terms of supply chain and being able to -- be able to get those up and running quite quickly. But the majority of the investment today is continuing to build capacity inside existing incredibly large data centers.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you very much, Amy.
Michael Spencer: Thanks, Heather. Operator, next question please.