
Operator: Your next question is from Ben Schachter with Macquarie. Your line is open. Benjamin Schachter - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Mark, when you're thinking about acquisitions broadly, in what area do you think Facebook needs to buy versus build? Basically, where you need external help? And then on VR, just a few quick questions, any update on the shipping delay, how many units shipped in the quarter and expectations for the year? And then also on VR, understanding I know it's very, very early, but beyond games and entertainment, what verticals do you expect to be first to utilize VR and AR? Thanks.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: So on the acquisition philosophy, I've talked about how I think the social ecosystem will play out on a number of these calls. The basic theory that we have is that there are a small number of services that are going to be ubiquitous utilities that 1 billion or 2 billion or more people are going to want to use. So that's core basic messaging, the core functionality around having your real identity and connecting with all of your real friends and family online. Those are things that we just think are just going to be ubiquitous. So we want to build those. At the same time, we also think that there are going to be many, many good businesses and different other social use cases where there are people doing good work and building different companies that we feel no need to own those things. So I think that people come up from time to time and suggest, should we buy this company or that. And what we look at are what are the things that we think are going to be ubiquitous tools, and who are the most talented people in the world to build this. And so when you think about something like virtual and augmented reality, that's how we thought about that. Those are going to be important platforms over time. It's very early obviously. It's going to take a long time to get there. And a lot of what we felt like we were buying there was a critical mass of the best people and the best technology to go do all the things that we needed to go do over the next 10 years to drive that home and turn that into a big platform. You asked a question about virtual and augmented reality. What are going to be the big use cases? For the first few years of virtual reality, I think gaming and video are going to be the big ones. The initial market that we look at are all the people who have Xboxes, PlayStations, and Wiis, the people who are excited to have an immersive media experience sitting in their living room for a long period of time, and that's a pretty big market. Even though that's not all of what we hope to eventually serve and that's not the full potential of these new platforms, I think that is one case where you can obviously deliver better and richer experiences than you can with the current generation of technology. Video is going really well. I shared a stat before in some of my comments that on Gear VR alone, we are now at more than 2 million hours of video have been watched on the platform, so that's really exciting. And that of course will be bolstered by the fact that these new 360 videos can not only be watched in VR, so in the headsets, but we're building tools so you can share them on News Feed and through our products elsewhere as well. So I think that's exciting. Over time there will be even more, but that I think should be enough to have some initial use. But again, I do want to really emphasize, this is early and it's going take a long time. And I know there's a lot of hype around this, and we're just focused on building this to be very good over the long term.
David M. Wehner: Then, Ben, you asked about shipping units. We did begin shipping units in the quarter. This is very small still. VR is still very early. It's not going to have a material impact on revenue in 2016, and I gave more color on that in my prepared remarks.