
Operator: At this time, we will now open up the call for questions. Our first question comes from line of Eric Sheridan with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Eric J. Sheridan: Thanks so much for taking the question. Wanted to ask if you had any update on the state of the advertising business, sort of the state of conversations with advertisers? What product uptake you're seeing out in the marketplace? And sort of how that's looking now as we move out of 2017 and into 2018 broadly for the platform? Thanks so much.
Brian T. Olsavsky: Yes, sure, Eric. I would say advertising continues to be a bright spot both from a product standpoint and also financially. It continued to be a strong contributor to profitability in Q1. It's now a multibillion-dollar program. You can see the – in our supplemental revenue disclosure, it's in other revenue, and it's the majority of the other revenue in that line item. So our philosophy there again is we're continuing to focus on finding valuable ways to make our advertising opportunities better for customers, showing them new products that they may not have seen otherwise and also for emerging and established brands, helping them to reach customers. I think the advertisers generally are all shapes and sizes, and their common theme is they all want to reach our customers generally to drive brand awareness, discovery and eventually purchase. Before I go into the second question, I want to make a comment about the Prime program. The Prime program continues to drive great strength in our top line, as you've seen over the last few years actually. We continue to increase the value of Prime, including speed selection and digital entertainment options. We've been expanding FREE Same-Day Shipping and One-Day options. And our Two-Day shipping, it's now available on over 100 million items, up from 20 million as recently as 2014. And we continue to add digital benefits like Prime Video. The value of Prime to customers has never been greater. And the cost is also high, as we pointed out especially with shipping options and digital benefits, we continue to see rises in costs. So effective May 11, we're going to increase the price of our U.S. annual plan from $99 to $119 for new members. The new price will apply to renewals starting on June 16. Prime provides a unique combination of benefits, and we continue to invest in making this Prime program even more valuable for our members. As a reminder, we haven't increased the U.S. annual price of Prime since our single increase, which was in March of 2014.
Dave Fildes: Yeah. And, Eric, sorry to just go back to your initial question too, just to hop back on that, just wanted to remind folks that we mentioned this last quarter on the call. But on January 1, we adopted an accounting standard update that amended our revenue recognition policies. So the net impact to revenue in the first quarter was not material, but I do want to highlight a few areas. As part of the adoption beginning in Q1, certain advertising services were classified as revenue rather than a reduction of costs of sales. So the impact of this change was an increase of $560 million to other revenue in Q1, which is – the other revenue is, of course, part of our supplemental sales disclosure. So you'll see that other revenue, in total, increased 132% ex-FX year-over-year to about $2 billion in the first quarter. Again, $560 million is included in there, and the majority of that is – would be included in the North America segment. As you look at the other supplemental line item, just a few items of note. The line item online stores revenue increased about 13%, ex-FX. Beginning in the first quarter, sales of apps, in-app content, and certain digital media content are now presented on a net revenue basis and included in third-party seller services revenue, rather than that online stores revenue. So in the first quarter, online stores revenue would have been higher, but for this new standard. And then the line item, subscription services revenue, that increased about 56% ex-FX year-over-year. Prime memberships are included in that line. Again, beginning in the first quarter, we now recognize annual Prime membership revenue straight line over the 12-month period. Prior to 2018, we recognized this revenue over the 12-month period with more revenue allocated to the fourth quarter each year. So in Q1 of this year, subscription services revenue would have been lower, but for this new standard.