
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark May, Citi.
Mark A. May: Thank you. I had two related questions on video. First on the OpEx guidance, one of the real consistencies of the business is OpEx growth. You've been growing that at $4 billion to $5 billion incremental spend per year, but the midpoint of your guidance is looking like a $14 billion increase next year. Is the differential there, the additional $6 billion to $7 billion, should we be thinking of that as the video content spend that you're setting aside possibly to spend next year? I'm just trying to understand where this significant increase would be coming from. And then related, the 35% increase in ad prices – would you say that that's predominantly being driven, the acceleration there, by the mix towards video, Ad Breaks, and other longer-form video ads? Thanks.
David M. Wehner: Sure, Mark. So on the acceleration of the growth rate in expenses from 2017 to 2018, I would really look at the growth rate that we grew at in 2017, apply that to the total expense base, and look at that growth in 2018. And then I would say the additional expense that leads to the acceleration is driven by three factors, not just one factor. And those three factors are the ones that I outlined in my commentary: number one, the substantial investment that Mark highlighted that we're making to just improve the security on our platform; two, the video content investments we're making for Watch tab; and then three, additional investments we're making in the long term initiatives like AR/VR, AI, and connectivity. And each of those are significant, so it's really the combination of those three factors that's driving the expense growth acceleration. And then on the 35% increases in ad prices, this is really being driven off of a couple things. One is just the auction dynamic, which as supply growth has slowed, then there's more competition, and you're seeing prices increase as demand continues to grow. But I think what is important here is we've been getting better and better at targeting as we optimize for real business results for advertisers, and we're better at converting the signals that we get from those advertisers into finding the right ad spots for them. And I think that's really what's allowing us to improve yield and effectively driving higher effective CPMs for us while still delivering business outcomes to them at attractive ROIs. So that's really what's driving it, not a shift to a different format like video. It's really about us getting better at targeting and working with especially people where we get those downstream signals like direct response advertisers.