
Operator: We'll go to Steve Milunovich with UBS.
Steven M. Milunovich: Thank you very much. Luca, I wanted ask you about the total deferred revenue which was down about $1.3 billion in June and I think down another $400 million in September. Those are rather large declines, even given the fact that your units are coming down and you had the accounting change back in September. Could you talk about some of the drivers of that and what you might expect going forward?
Luca Maestri: Steve, you mentioned by far the largest driver. The largest driver is the fact that we made the change, an accounting change to our ESPs exactly a year ago. So we are lapping the year where you see the effect. I think you're not going to see the same thing going forward. And then we tend to defer some revenue on some other categories, like for example gift cards or some AppleCare, but in general by far the largest element is the change in ESPs. And again, I don't think you're going to see the same impact going forward.
Steven M. Milunovich: Okay. Thank you. And then, Tim, some investors are antsy that Apple has not acquired new profit pools or introduced a financially material new product in recent years. The question is, A, does Apple today have a grand strategy for what you want to do? I know you won't tell us what it us, but do you know what you want to do over the next three to maybe five years? Or is it more a read the market and quickly react? And B, do you have any sense that we're kind of in a gap period where the technology and arguably what we'd call the next job to be done haven't yet aligned? And so maybe in a couple years, we will see this flurry of new products and it'll sort of match what people want to do, but it's not quite here yet?
Timothy Donald Cook: We have the strongest pipeline that we've ever had and we're really confident about the things in it. But as usual, we're not going to talk about what's ahead.
Steven M. Milunovich: But in terms of your approach I guess to new products, do you have a strong sense of where technology is going and where you're going to play? Or is it still enough up the year that you are willing to react fairly quickly, which arguably your organization allows you to do for the size of company you are?
Timothy Donald Cook: We have a strong sense of where things go and we're very agile to shift as we need to.
Steven M. Milunovich: Okay. Thank you.
Nancy Paxton: Thanks, Steve. Could we have the next question, please?