
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Two questions, please. David, could you just try to spell out a little bit more how GDPR could actually impact advertising revenue growth in the future, like, what's the doomsday scenario here? Is it just that it's clipped down because there would be a hit maybe near term to MAUs and DAUs? Or is there a reasonable scenario under which tracking or targeting would be impaired? Just spell out what the worst case scenario is. I'm kind of skeptical that there is one. But if there is one, please spell it out. And then, Mark, on Oculus, could you just give us a little bit of an update on your kind of long-term thinking about Oculus? There hasn't been a lot of focus on it. But Oculus Go is coming out. So maybe we all should take another – have another thought on it, like the opportunity you see there, where you think the product development is at this point? Are we years away from something mass marketable? Any commentary like that would be really helpful. Thank you.
David M. Wehner: So, Mark, on the first question, I don't know that we really see a doomsday scenario here. I think what we think is that depending on how people react to the controls and the ad settings, there could be some limitations to data usage. We believe that those will be relatively minor. But depending on how broadly the controls are adopted and set, there is a potential to impact targeting for our advertisers. Obviously, if they are less able to target effectively, they'll get a lower ROI on their advertising campaigns. They'll then bid differently into the auction. That ultimately will flow through into how we can realize price on the impressions that we're selling. So I think that's the mitigating issue that we could see, depending on how GDPR and our broader commitment to providing these same controls worldwide could play out. We think that there is a great case for not just our business, but also for the user experience on Facebook to have targeting because we think it's a better experience for the people who use Facebook to have targeted ads. We think we can do that in a privacy-protected way, and it's just a better experience. You get more relevant ads. And I think overall benefits not only the advertisers, but also the people who use Facebook. So I don't think we see a real doomsday scenario here. We see an opportunity to really make the case.