
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you so much. Satya, I wanted to see if you could share a little bit on Azure, just how you're thinking about the competitive positioning versus Amazon, where you think your strengths are versus them. And also as the business continues to ramp at such a fast pace, how do we think about the progression in gross margin? I mean, Amazon gives us operating margins, but I guess I'm wondering is there reason you shouldn't be able to reach similar operating margins with Azure at a similar scale if we went back and looked at the progression that Amazon's been disclosing?
Satya Nadella: Sure, Heather. Thanks for the question. First of all, when Amy and I think about both our CapEx as well as our OpEx, both at the engineering side as well as on our sales and marketing side, we think about this still at a Microsoft cloud level. Just because if you take something like Enterprise Mobility Suite, that gives you an indication of how, for example, we attach to Office 365 essentially an infrastructure service that has SaaS-like margins, or even some of our application services in Azure that attach to Office developer experiences. So we think about this part more holistically, and same thing with Dynamics. But having said that, if to your specific question of where our differentiation lies, the first one is hybrid. Most people think about hybrid where they think about the cloud as the edge of their server. We obviously support that with all of our servers. Every server product of ours has cloud enrollment right, whether it be SQL, whether it be Windows Server, and you'll see that increasingly, even in this next wave of servers. But we also think of in fact our servers as the edge of our cloud. That I think is where the world is going to go to, where distributed computing will remain distributers. So Azure's stack is completely unique to Microsoft. No one else who is in the public cloud business at any scale has that kind of capability. So I would say that's another point of differentiation. So to your point about margins, I feel that we actually will have software licenses with hybrid rights. That's a different margin structure. We will have IaaS services, and you talked about the existence, proof at least from Amazon about what margins at scale can be achieved there. We have PaaS services in infrastructure like EMS that have SaaS-like margins, and then of course we have SaaS services in Office 365. So I think the mix of our gross, or rather that mix will define our long-term gross margin and operating margin for our cloud services. But the mix will also shift each quarter, just because the mix is not a stable mix. We'll see growth in different parts at different times.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you.
Chris Suh: Thank you, Heather. We'll go to the next one, please.