
Operator: The next question is from Ross Sandler with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Sandler: Great. I had two product related questions for Mark. So, Mark, you guys mentioned when you released the latest Instagram MAU crossing the 500 million mark, you give out the breakdown of U.S., international. It looks like U.S. has been around 100 million for about the past nine months. So is that just a pause along the growth path or is there something else that you're seeing that's causing that growth to stall out a bit in light of what you just said about engagement being up since you did the algorithm reranking? Any color there would be helpful. And then the second question is just any update on Messenger M and how do you see that product potentially impacting engagement monetization on Messenger? Thanks.
David M. Wehner: On any update on M, I can start with that one. Do you -
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: I was going to take that one.
David M. Wehner: Oh. You were going to take that one? On the Instagram MAU question, I don't think we're breaking out by region Instagram MAU. So, no, I don't think there's any update there that I'm aware of.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: Okay. Yeah, so we just haven't updated that.
David M. Wehner: Yeah, all right.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: Yeah, so for M, we've released the Messenger platform M bot in the last six months – F8 was the big announcement there. And I think since then, I think we've announced we have more than 10,000 bots in the system, which are basically making it so that different businesses can build automated ways to communicate with people. The way we think about this experience is that, qualitatively, I don't know a single person really who wants to call a business to get support or interact with it. Whether that's trying to get a reservation for a restaurant or getting customer support or calling to buy something. And those are slow interactions. They're synchronous. They consume your whole attention while you're doing them. And if we can make it so that you can have some of those interactions in an automated way where you fire off a text and then just get a response back quickly, but asynchronously so it doesn't take up your full attention, then I think that's going to be a much better experience that people really enjoy and like. So we're in the experimentation phase I think with the platform. We're seeing a lot of good ideas getting tried out. And I personally enjoy a lot of the different bots that people are using or making, especially the news one where you get these digests at the end of the day of different kinds of content. And between that and M, which is kind of our own internal bot that we're building, I think that this is going to be an interesting area to watch and encourage more interaction between people and businesses and messaging.