
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Moerdler with Bernstein. Please proceed.
Mark Moerdler: Satya, Amy, congrats on the quarter. Thank you for taking my question. So if Windows OEM Pro has now stabilized excluding the bump that we saw from XP Refresh and volume licensing at least in constant currency is stable growing, should we figure that we’ve now started to turn the quarter on commercial Windows revenue? In addition, where do you think we are on the consumer side on the non-OEM front? Is that something that continue to shrink for a bit?
Amy Hood: Let me take that one. Satya, you can add at the end of you want. No. I think, Mark, you’re reading it correctly. We actually had our annuity volume licensing business as you know, has been showing growth and stability for a while as we talked about Pro is back to the pre-XP levels and while could see some fluctuation, I think this has been a very stable business for us for a long period of time when you take out that XP bump from last year. Talking about consumer, I think frankly Satya and I both reflected a bit on it in our comments. We do expect to see some additional inventory draw down in front of a launch. That’s not unusual prior to a launch cycle and that will clearly impact our revenue in the quarter. But I think as I look to 2016, I’m excited about the designs we’ve seen, I’m excited about the products that are possible with Windows 10, and I think we feel good and are looking forward to sharing some of that excitement next week.
Satya Nadella: Yeah, the one thing I’d also add is there is actually a much more fundamental transformation happening even with how we think about Windows and its delivery and we’ll talk more about this even at our financial analyst briefing next week because I increasingly think about the lifetime value we can deliver to the user of a Windows device be it in consumer or even in the enterprise. And if you think about when we say Windows-as-a-service it’s actually a pretty profound construct which involves us being able to not only think about what ships with OEMs, but how do we on a continuous basis, if it’s a consumer we have things now in the store, we have subscriptions, we have gaming and then when it comes to the enterprise there’s management, security, servicing which is all unique value. So there is going to be an increasing emphasis in the concept of lifetime value that we can deliver to customers.
Mark Moerdler: Perfect. I really do appreciate it.
Satya Nadella: Thanks, Mark.
Mark Moerdler: Thank you.
Chris Suh: Thank you, Mark. Next question, please.