
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan with RBC Capital. Please proceed.
Ross MacMillan: Thanks a lot. Amy, I just wanted to go back on the Intelligent Cloud. We did see that deceleration in server product growth, but the comp was very tough, and as you commented, your annuity was up and your deferred growth accelerated. That server product line has grown about 5% constant currency in the last 12 months. I guess the question is, is there any structural reason why, going back to Keith's question, why that would decelerate more ex-macro? And then another question I just had, it's related to this. Can you just remind us in the server product ex-Azure line and in the commercial Office traditional non-365 line, how much is transactional in those two segments? Thank you.
Amy E. Hood: Sure. Ross, let me try to take those. The first question around is there anything structural or different in that server product line, really it has been and is that transactional component. You're right. We continue to see the annuity growth. We continue to see the growth through Azure and the offset to that has been the transactional business. I'm not sure that I would say that there's any structural reason other than, the change in my worldview, other than maybe the budget and macro pressure tend to exert itself on that transactional business. But overall, continuing to see the renewals we've seen, continue to see the cloud growth we've seen, I'm not sure I think of it as a fundamental trajectory change outside of that component we discussed. In terms of overall, rough orders of magnitude, the Intelligent Cloud segment has the least exposure to the transactional business. It's still less than 20%. But that 20%, right, lends itself in-quarter to the volatility you see. The Productivity and Business Process segment has a bit more transactional exposure just because it has both the consumer and the commercial Office business, which is more attached on a transactional basis to PCs, so it's slightly higher all up.
Ross MacMillan: Thank you.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Ross. We'll go to the next question, please.