
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Heather Bellini: Great, thank you. Again, I had a follow-up on Azure as well. I was just wondering, Satya, if you could share with us – and I know I've asked this in the past – but just any qualitative commentary you could give us about PaaS adoption. And I'm also wondering in particular, given the high percentage of workloads on Azure running Linux, what type of services are you typically seeing run on top of the OS? And how do you see your monetization of those workloads playing out over time? And then, Amy, just the follow-up for you would just be – and I apologize, we had another earnings call tonight, so I might have missed it – but you usually give a comment about out-year OpEx on the call, and I was just wondering if you had any high-level thoughts there. Sorry, thank you.
Satya Nadella: Sure, Heather, thanks for the question. Overall qualitatively, in terms of PaaS adoption of Azure, a lot of it comes with what's happening, for example, in the services we talk about, like IoT. We now have a much higher-level managed service. We even launched a new packaging of it with the IoT Central, which allows developers who are building IoT solutions, instead of assembling it themselves to be able to use this managed service to be that much more agile and productive. So that's usually the way we make the atomic parts available as well as these essentially SaaS services or PaaS services. Same thing with data, the DocumentDB is a massive thing for us. It's the planet-scale database that supports JSON and much more, and we see that as a core part of the data tier for many, many applications. We even see, obviously, the end-user parts of the infrastructure when it comes to enterprise mobility. So all-up, we have multiple pieces. The other areas, course, the entire toolchain of what's happening with Visual Studio to continuous integration, to continuous deployment, and that's a place where we have a very, very differentiated solution for developers and developer productivity, which in some sense you can think of as like the Office 365 for developers. But that's all part of Azure. So those are the places where there are PaaS services. But as I said earlier in response to the question, we also welcome the use of, I'll say, the most atomic building blocks of Azure, whether it just be a Linux container, Azure functions, which is very cost-efficient for developers, because we know that over time, it may be not just PaaS services in Azure, it could be in fact a Dynamics 365 module. The canonical example for me is someone who collects data, does a prediction, ultimately then has to do something about that prediction, which means some automation like field service. So a lot of what is Dynamics field service is actually in our module growth we are seeing because of Azure IoT, and that relationship is not just about Azure PaaS.
Amy E. Hood: And to your specific question, Heather, on FY 2018 and OpEx, I did not because we're going to see each other and have more time on May 10 at the analyst briefing, and that's where I'll take some more time to walk through FY 2018.
Heather Bellini: Thank you.
Chris Suh: Thank you, Heather. We'll go to the next question, please.