
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter Pritchard: Question on Azure and growth numbers this quarter were very strong. I'm wondering if you can talk about just your visibility into the growth in that business. A lot of that comes from enterprise agreements and commitments customers are making. Some of that's on sort of credits that they have to consume. I'm not sure if you're willing to give us sort of a growth kind of trajectory as you look out forward, but I think there's a lot of investor interest in terms of how much visibility [Technical Difficulty] your perspective.
Amy Hood: Maybe I'll start, Satya. In terms of the Azure growth, most of the Azure growth is really driven by consumption. So this is about getting projects started, making those projects successful, making sure customers feel the value and get the value of their investment. And increasingly, that's why we've been talking a bit about the form of these contracts changing, larger commitments being made that are -- that land in bookings but not in unearned, right? So it's a bit different mechanism than you think about having in our standard EA, where it goes to the balance sheet and gets earned off. These are contracts that unless it is used and deployed and a customer gets value from, it does not land into the P&L. And so the part that looks a little bit more EA-like is the part we've talked about on a per-user basis, right? That's something you're going to deploy, whether that's EMS, is the best example. And so those have the characteristic you talk about, which is that it really comes from the EA and the recognition is more predictable. But on the IaaS and PaaS layer, that's about our execution each quarter and especially making an impact. The way that -- the only other way that, that Azure number, to think about it, is when we've talked about the Azure Hybrid Benefits that exist, those show up actually in the on-prem number, right, even if they ultimately get used on the Azure side. So there actually is some Azure Benefit revenue ultimately that shows "is on-prem."