
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen. Please proceed.
Gregg Moskowitz: Satya your make a much bigger bet on AI and rightfully so and you highlighted some very interesting use cases having said that, Microsoft has worked on AI project for quite some time. So can you help us understand what degree of positive change you think will come from the combined group 8 you have recently formed including when you think material AI benefits will become truly ingrained in the customer's workflows and then secondly how should we think about the incremental investment in AI going forward?
Satya Nadella: Overall, I am thrilled about both the AI group that we have formed, the AI research and the heritage we have with them even this week I think we publicly are talking about setting the state-of-the-art when it comes to something like speech recognition and something that we did even with image net an image recognition and object. So these are capabilities that are not easy to build if you don't have a real commitment to research and then the ability to take that research and then ultimately turn into products. So the way to measure from the investment side is to see AI when it is infused into everything we do. Take Hololens, the ability of Hololens to be able to see the world, reconstructed and in that world to be able to superimpose holograms, that is AI applied AI that is working today. When you have Skype translate when two people are talking two different languages and are able to automatically translate without between languages, it's using a deep neural net pens bring together speech synthesis, speech recognition and machine translation with Skype data, that is fairly magical. When you seeing capable of running flow to create intelligence, that is what we are using impact from our speech and vision work. That is AI as applied today. So I am not waiting for some future date to see ROI from AI, we're very much going forward even the office tools example I used. They're all using AI today. The PowerPoint designer if you want the most practical use of it, even identify great PowerPoint slides now because of AI. And so, that's how I measure progress. We are committed to long-term research, but we're also very focused on having the long term research translated into everyday use products, and that's what you will see from us going forward.