
Operator: Our last question will come from the line of Phil Winslow with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Philip Winslow: Awesome, thanks, guys, for sneaking me in. Just a question on Office commercial. You guys reported another strong quarter here, about 8% constant currency growth. And, obviously, you're continuing that acceleration that you've had over the first three quarters of this year. Now, I guess the question to Satya and then Amy. Satya, you still have a positive mix shift going on here because we see the unit count growth, but also the revenue growth, so positive spread there. Maybe help me walk through where you think we are in this life cycle of Office 365 because you obviously have a lot of SKUs. And then, Amy, in that context, to the last question on gross margins for commercial cloud. Obviously, we've made a lot of headway on Azure. How do think where we are similarly on the life cycle on the gross margin side of Office 365?
Satya Nadella: Yeah, I can start. I think with Office 365, we are trying to expand the appeal of Office 365 on multiple dimensions. A lot of what we are still seeing in play is the rapid adoption or the increased adoption of Office 365 E3, which is what I think is driving a lot of the growth, the ASP growth. Now we have a good start with what is at the high end of the enterprise value, which is E5, some of the value we have. Whether it's voice or analytics and security, it resonates. And we're learning, we're improving, and we're pushing forward on that front. At the same time, we're also introducing new SKUs for the front-line worker. This is one of the other first-time trends I'm seeing where CEOs are more interested in productivity of their front-line workers, and so that's another exciting space. It comes at a different ASP point, so it's not exactly the same as E5, but very important for us strategically to be able to increase the appeal of Office 365. We also are working to make Office 365 and seeing good traction in segments like small business. The other aspect of Office 365 which is important for us is the international element because we really never had very high penetration of our higher-end service SKUs in the international markets. And we finally get to do that with the service offering. So those are all the areas. Where there's significant room left – and we're not just standing still in terms of adding value for new segments, so those are all in play.
Amy E. Hood: And the way you've seen that, and I'll relate it to margins, is this continued and consistent installed base growth, and even still having the opportunities Satya laid out. And most of the ARPU improvement that we've seen has been, in fact still due to the E3 transition, not due to the E5 transition. So we still feel quite good about the opportunity, especially in some of the customers that have already moved to E3. And then in terms of gross margin, margin actually here has been steadily improving. We've been in this business a bit longer and it's more mature. I do think here the opportunity is also ARPU-based actually here in terms of continuing to see margin improvement is continuing raise the dollars per user that we realize to continue to see that grow.
Philip Winslow: Awesome. Thanks, guys.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks.
Satya Nadella: Thank you.
Chris Suh: That wraps up the Q&A portion of today's call. We look forward to seeing many of you in the coming months at various investor conferences and events. You can find the details, including webcast information, at the Microsoft Investor Relations website. Thank you for joining us today.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks, all.
Satya Nadella: Thank you very much.