
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Raimo Lenschow with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Raimo Lenschow: Hey, thanks for taking my question. The conversation we have on around Azure and adoption there seems to be changing with customers, where they seem to be seeking a deeper relationship with you guys now, given that your maturity has increased quite a bit over the last few quarters. Can you talk to that? Is that something that just I picked up, or is that what you're seeing in your conversations as well? Thank you.
Satya Nadella: Hopefully, we picked it up a lot earlier than you did. But we have. So we do have a very different dialogue. You think about it, all of the customers that we have worked with, we have always worked with them historically even in our server days. But to your point, Raimo, I think what has happened is the change, even in the financial services, the segments that you all represent, the kinds of workloads now that are moving to the cloud has qualitatively changed. In the past we participated, but a lot of Tier 1 workloads were not on Microsoft stack, whereas now, a lot of Tier 1 workloads are in fact increasingly on Microsoft cloud. And so to me, that represents a qualitative change, and so the type of dialogue we have, whether it's with an auto company or a financial services company or a retail company, is much deeper, much broader. And I would use the word we are deeply partnering with them. It's no longer just simple vendor relationships, because as they are trying to build their own software capability, they need a trusted partner who's more interested in making sure that they build their own technology capability. And that's what we're investing in.
Amy E. Hood: And I would say, Raimo, a way to think about this is we've always had that trusted relationship, which we're incredibly proud of as a company with our enterprise customers. The investments we've made over the past years are about hiring the type of talent that can go and sit with a customer and drive the customer's successful outcomes of the projects they deploy. And that's what we mean. It's about the investment we've made in capability, the evolution of the product and its innovation. And I think using and trying to continue to earn the customer trust to deliver these world-class workloads. So I do think this is really an output of multiple years of concentration on delivering that capability.
Raimo Lenschow: Perfect. Thank you.
Chris Suh: Thank you, Raimo. Jessie, we'll have time for one more question, please.