
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research. Please proceed.
Mark L. Moerdler: Thank you, excellent, two questions. What were the drivers of the big growth in Dynamics 365? Is this large seasonality specifically in this quarter? Is it a big deal, or should we expect growth in the same vicinity for the near future? And then as a second question, as discussed in, one of the previous questions about Server & Tools and the healthiness of that growth, I'm trying to understand the drivers. Is this the product refresh cycle? Is it Azure driving customer upgrades? Is it something else? Can you give a bit more color? That would be helpful. I appreciate it.
Satya Nadella: Sure, Mark, and let me start and then Amy, you can add. On the Dynamics 365, we're at the very, very beginning phase of the transition of Dynamics from primarily being on-premise to now being a very modern modular SaaS service. The Dynamics 365 momentum is picking up. I talked about the revenue growth rate, and that's definitely going to be what's going to be true in the quarters to come and the years to come. But we do have a huge on-premise base. There is still a need for those on-premise products. That will continue, but our focus is on transitioning to the cloud. And you've seen us do this successfully with Office 365. You've seen us do that with Azure. And now we're ready to do that mainstream across what has been traditionally known as CRM and ERP without in fact us thinking and talking about those suites because we think that is a pretty old concept to have suites like that, which is we have now really made the entire Dynamics 365 much more modular, modern, and much more efficient for customers. So that's what's happening in Dynamics. Same thing on Azure, which is – the driver is – a lot of it is net new. IoT, for example, was not a workload on the old server world, whereas it's one of the big workloads for us. Same thing with AI, not an old workload. So there's new growth in Azure. There is the lift, shift, and modernize motion as well, as well as a new need for the edge of the cloud. So all three of them are in play, while recognizing we had a large business called the Server Licensing business. So we have three new things that we're driving and a lot of large licensing pieces that are just transitioning into these three motions.
Amy E. Hood: And in particular, in this quarter, how to think about I think some of the in-period outperformance versus what we see consistently, in the bucket of consistently, premium workload growth has been consistent for us. The double-digit annuity growth has been consistent for us, and that I think is a driver we continue to look for and be confident in its execution quarter to quarter. In the more temporal bucket this quarter as well as last you saw a bit of it, some geo help in certain geos that may see and be more transactional in nature. Japan happens to be one of those geos. And then we are still seeing some post-launch impact, specifically on the Windows Server side and selling higher-end SKUs post-launch, which has to do with some of the value inherent. So that's how I break down the drivers, Mark.
Mark L. Moerdler: Excellent, I appreciate it. Thank you and congrats.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks.
Chris Suh: Thank you, Mark. We'll take the next question.