
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Keith Eric Weiss: Excellent. Thank you for taking the question and very nice quarter guys. I wanted to dig into capital efficiency here around your cloud assets a little bit. This quarter you talked about Azure gross margins coming in, sort of continuing to improve really nicely. CapEx came in. I mean the growth there is slowing a little bit. Can you talk to us about sort of what's kind of driving that? Is it sort of the move to higher-level services so you get like better pricing against the capital? Is this sort of you're just not sort of pouring down as much cement, if you will, in terms of database expansion? Is it like better productivity of the core sort of compute stuff? Like can you help us understand sort of how capital intensity is trending in that Azure in particular but more broadly in the cloud businesses?
Satya Nadella: It's a great question, Keith. I would say the way we think about our capital efficiency and I in fact added that even to my commentary this time, which is we're building this intelligent cloud, intelligent edge platform to span everything, not only the Azure business but also the future of game streaming to what we are doing at Microsoft 365 or Dynamics 365. For the first time, what you see across Microsoft is really one platform which spans all of these businesses and all of the margin structures that are there represented in it. So that's where if you think about the thing that Amy and I focus a lot on is the capital efficiency end-to-end in that context versus getting caught up in even the capital efficiency as measured by any one of these individual pieces, because we think that's what Microsoft's uniqueness long term lies. But that said on Azure, you're absolutely right. What you are seeing is two things. One is things like the Azure Hybrid Benefits as well as the higher-level services that create I think uniqueness both as well as good margins long term. I mean, especially on the database side is one place where I would say from a year-over-year worth of progress, whether it's just Azure database by itself. I mean that service with full compatibility with SQL Server is a fantastic value proposition for our customers who have huge estates whether it's the Data Warehouse that's become very, very competitive, the Data Lake. And Cosmos DB I think is very unique in its capability. So that's one place where as you know, any AI project first starts with data, and that's one place where we are seeing good traction.
Michael Spencer: Thanks, Keith. Operator, we'll move to the next question.