
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Philip Winslow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed. Philip Alan Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Hi. Thanks guys for taking my question and congrats on a great quarter. I just want to focus in on Office there. Obviously you call that Office 365 commercial suites you're growing 57% year-over-year, so very consistent with what your last quarter was. And Satya, you mentioned the mix shift as well with the release of E5. Why don't you just provide some color there, sort of I guess a grade of kind of where you are right now and then as you're contemplating guidance for Q4 and then kind of thinking about 2017, how should we think or how are you guys thinking about sort of that Office 365 transition there sort of units and pricing?
Satya Nadella: I can start and then Amy can add. Overall the thing that we are most focused on with Office 365 is how do we make sure that we have the Office 365 end points everywhere and good usage. And I talked about how the mobile end points has been growing and the mobile usage has been growing. I also talked about the 70 million monthly active users of Office. So we feel very good about that, which is users with in terms of coverage and usage. The next place where we are very focused on is really the new scenarios and E5 is obviously a big element of it. I talked about in some detail the security value proposition. That is really showing a lot of good traction for us, but we're also seeing traction in analytics and voice. So we're in the very early innings of E5, but the value proposition and the TAM or the total addressable market of those three scenarios is huge, and so we remain very excited about it. The other thing that I am also sort of excited about when it comes to Office 365 is for the first time, we're opening up Office 365 not just as a end-user and a enterprise tool in the service, but as a developer platform. In its own right, we think of Office as perhaps one of the most strategic developer assets we have and with the Microsoft Graph API and what we see as activity around it, we think about the platform effects of that as also being very key. So that's at least at the macro level how I look at it and, Amy, if you want to talk a little more.
Amy E. Hood: Again, I think the way that shows itself in our financial results is you'd expect to continue to see the strong mix shift to the cloud. You'd expect to continue to see installed base growth as even some of the items I've talked about have more relevance and continue to make us the value prop higher even in small business, which is where you've seen the user adds. I would continue to expect to see ARPU growth as we see E5 have its impact through the year and so think about these same dynamics still for us where we focus on new users and ARPU increases as we shift to Office 365. Those are trends I'd expect to see obviously as we look into 2017. Philip Alan Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Great. Thanks, guys.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Phil. We'll take the next question, please.