
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Keith Weiss: Excellent, thank you guys for taking the question and very nice quarter. There’s lot of rumors and speculation around sales reorganization of you guys sort of shifting around resources is sort of better distributed to cloud and new technologies, I was wondering if you guys could dig into that for us a little bit, what kind of changes are taking place in terms of go to market distribution heading into FY 2018?
Satya Nadella: Let me start, first of all thank you for the question Keith. Overall, the approach we have taken for multiple years now is to transform everything that we do inside the company, whether it’s the product creation, how we’re organized in the R&D, how we think about breaking down any silos and category definitions we may have had in the past, how we think about even marketing and the marketing approach, and then of course even with the go to market, and this transformation is ongoing. This has been happening over multiple years, but we have now got very good customer momentum because ultimately this is all driven by the opportunity at hand, which is much bigger than anything that we have participated in the past, so the total addressable market is much bigger. And second, our customer expectations and our partner expectations of how we show up with them has changed, and so over the years we have been making changes and now that we have a lot more momentum and critical mass, we are going to that next phase and that’s what you are seeing us in terms of changing the skill set, changing the scope of how we show up to support the digital transformation needs of both large customers, as well as small businesses.
Amy Hood: And I think in many ways Keith what we have done is a really a natural extension of some of the investments we’ve made over the past 18 months to add technical resources to be more present in customer accounts, to really drive their transformation towards success outcomes. You are seeing it even in our intelligent cloud results for the last quarter and this quarter. We’re taking that learning over the past 18 months and really applying it at a broader scale across the sales force to put those resources where we feel confident that they will have a good long-term return in that next phase of transformation.
Chris Suh: Thank you, Keith. We will take the next question please.