
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan.
Mark Murphy: Satya, in the last couple of quarters, you have announced a number of these large multiyear Azure wins with companies, including Walmart and Albertsons and Walgreens, as Keith mentioned earlier. I'm just curious whether you're sensing an amplified tailwind there due to Amazon's ambitions to actually compete with grocers and retailers and health care providers and other industries. And then, Amy, I am assuming that those wins are captured by this robustness that we're seeing in the commercial bookings growth, which is up 22%. But I guess, I don't understand if they're fully captured, if this is a consumption-based structure. Or are we only seeing a portion of those bookings if we look in the unearned revenue and in the KPI?
Satya Nadella: Okay, I'll start. I mean, the first thing is to -- we need to have product truth and product competitiveness and capability to, first of all, play, and that's where I'll start. We have a very, very good compelling platform across our commercial cloud. That's what's really leading us to be able to do these types of partnerships that you referenced. It's clear that we also have a fantastic alignment of our business model with the interest of our customers. In other words, we want to make sure that we are, in fact, making our customers fully capable digital companies in their own right, whether they're in retail, whether they're in oil and gas, whether they're in health care because that's really what's in our long-term interest, which is to ensure that they have full digital capability, and then they'd use the subscriptions and the consumption capabilities of our cloud. And of course, that means we have a trusted relationship, which is a competitive advantage in a world where some of our competitors have more complex business models, where in some cases they give them platforms, in other cases where they compete with them or tax them. That's definitely something that I'm sure our customers pay attention to. But we are very focused on making sure that we have the right product that's competitive in the marketplace and then our business model that's long-term aligned with the interest of our customers, and we'll stay focused on it.
Amy Hood: And to your second question, most of these larger contracts are showing up in that commercial bookings number, and we referenced that on these -- when we say the longer -- larger, longer-term contracts, that is where they show up. Very little shows up in unearned, and that's the distinction that we're starting to see in many of these Azure contracts. It will, as it gets used, go straight to that Azure revenue growth number on the P&L.