
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Mark R. Murphy: Yes, thank you very much. So, Satya, we noticed Office 365 commercial seat growth of 45% produced Office 365 commercial revenue growth of 59% in constant currency, so a favorable spread of about 14 points suggesting ASP growth. I'm wondering if you could help us understand the drivers both now and into the future, particularly in terms of the initial response to the E5 plan, and also which products you think are driving the strength as you consider across Exchange, Skype for Business, Power BI, Yammer, SharePoint, et cetera.
Satya Nadella: Let me start and, Amy, you can add to it. Overall, I would say even in this last year, even just a broader spread of E3 has driven a lot of the growth. And then of course, we are very excited about E5, but they're very, very early days of E5. And E5 value proposition across all three of the areas, whether it's cloud voice or analytics or security are all three massive areas for us. And I would say if anything, the initial data from our customers around security is gaining a lot of traction. But at the same time, one of the things that customers are looking for is making an enterprise-wide architectural decision across all of the workloads. So E3, E5, and higher penetration of this is what's going to drive ASP growth. And you will look – you can see – you'll see us add more value to these packages as time goes on as well because our R&D is focused on that, which is how do we take these buckets of value creation and reinforce them with all of the future R&D as well.
Chris Suh: Great. Thanks, Mark. So that wraps up the Q&A portion of today's earnings call. We look forward to seeing many of you in the coming months at various investor conferences. For those unable to attend in person, these events will be webcast and you can follow our comments at the Microsoft Investor Relations website. Please contact us if you need any additional details, and thank you for joining us today.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks, all.
Satya Nadella: Thank you.