
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is coming from the line of Kash Rangan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Kash Rangan: Last question will be the longest one; really, really long. Thank you guys for getting me in. A question for you, Satya. As you meet with CEOs of large companies, this is a recurring theme that we've been hearing from other software company CEOs, the theme of digitization. Can you help us to understand, especially given that Microsoft's growth rate is accelerating whereas the GDP growth rate is the GDP growth rate. So obviously, tech spending or IT spending as a percentage of GDP or average company revenue is going higher. So can you help us, given your perspective, which is pretty unique, help us understand what is the baseline of IT that we've been operating in, when it comes to digital business transformation, what are the phase 1, phase 2, phase 3 initiatives like and where are companies likely to spend more? And what kinds of products and services that are new and upcoming or maybe you sell them today that comprise that incremental swing factor over the baseline of what IT is today versus wherever we're likely to go with the digitization of business processes? Thank you.
Satya Nadella: Yeah, I mean, I think when we talk to customers and CDOs, CEOs, what have you, we talk about four digital transformational outcomes. In fact, everything that we do across our solution areas are all ingredients to helping our customers achieve digital transformation objectives on, for example, how do they engage their customers. When I talked about Cosmos DB growth, Cosmos DB happens to be one of the best database products to be able to capture the signals that you want around your customers from a variety of different sources. That's gone one example of it. The second piece is of course around empowering your employees. I mean, one of the things that now has increasingly become a number one priority for every CEO is to make sure that the right tools, the right products are in front of their own employees so that they can do their very best work and collaborate. So teams grow. There's a great example of how companies are modernizing their workforce with things like Microsoft 365. The third one is operational efficiency. When you see the Dynamics 365 growth or Azure IoT growth, taking every IoT project, it ends up as a field service project, so that's a classic way somebody says, let me sense something, predict something and then actually fix using field service. So that's a transformational outcome where we're very well positioned. And lastly, people are changing their business models. You take somebody like a Nalco Water. You could say they're a water company, but now they're pure water service company. In other words, they put sensors that allow them to actually deliver a very differentiated business model to their customers. And so that's the transformational outcomes we see. And we feel, at Microsoft, we're well positioned both with the technology but also with our frontline sales capability, service capability and partner capacity to best address the digital transformation needs.
Kash Rangan: Wonderful. It seems like CRM, HCM, ERP, IoT, these are the predominant themes that are going to be driving your growth. Thank you very much. Very useful, insightful.
Michael Spencer: Thanks, Kash. That wraps up the Q&A portion of today's earnings call. Thank you for joining us, and we look forward to speaking with all of you soon. You can find additional details at the Microsoft Investor Relations website.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks, everyone.
Satya Nadella: Thank you, everyone.