
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Walter Pritchard: Hi thanks. Two questions, just one on execution it sounds like you highlighted some issues in Japan and we've heard about VAT from companies. Can you just talk about what you're doing to address some of those issues and is there any concern that that might spread beyond what you've seen in Japan and China?
Amy Hood: Thanks Walter. Is that both your questions, I just want to make sure I get them?
Walter Pritchard: No, I'm just trying to understand generally that issue, I had one other, but it's just on…
Satya Nadella: I'll just start by just talking about China. We have in China currently a set of geopolitical issues that we are working through. We're very committed to China as a market. We have in fact pockets of good growth in China with our cloud doing fairly well, but at the same time we're grounded that in the fact that we need more work to do and we're working through them and then as and when they will work out, we will let you know.
Amy Hood: And I'll talk a little bit about Japan and Walter to answer your question, I don't have any concerns if that expands such that in this unique issue beyond Japan, with the Windows end of XP plus the VAT increase, I do think, as well as some of the macroeconomic environments, it tightened far faster than we had anticipated and Japan in particular because of its model for us, it is a non-annuity geography for us. So impacts in Japan more directly come to the P&L as opposed to on our under C&B balances and that's why this quarter, you saw some weakness in commercial licensing, but when adjusted for FX, our unearned balance and bookings actually felt quite good from our commercial perspective.
Walter Pritchard: And then just question on the Office 365 commercial, can you talk about deployment rates. I know you've done a good job of getting those into contracts, how many customers are actually running it, running their email and share point and other products in the cloud versus just having the rights to it.
Amy Hood: Thanks Walter. I think with all products, I think about the complete sales cycle and I am really encouraged by the fact that we're doing a good job of moving from the initial sales through deployment, through adding on services and back to renewals and I think the importance of that customer lifecycle is really how we think about our workloads and our workload health in the cloud. The workload that we're furthest along on is obviously exchange. It happens also come with directory implementation and so we generally think of a fast deployment also and then adding on workloads and premium workflow cycles. And then as you might imagine, that provides an interesting environment for us to add on some of the products actually that Satya mentioned very directly in his comments such as EMS or Enterprise Mobility Suite. So while I think there is always a lag, the actual goal is the commitment that the customers show to the movement to the cloud and then moving them quickly as we can, but also at their own pace through deployment.
Walter Pritchard: Great. Thank you.
Satya Nadella: Thanks Walter.
Chris Suh: We'll move to the next question please.