
Operator: Our next question comes from like of Ross MacMillan from RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Ross MacMillan: Thanks so much and my congratulations as well. We continue to see this really nice progression in the commercial cloud gross margin and you called out the Azure gross margin improvements. And within that there's some moving pieces. I think you’ve got better utilization and efficiency of core Azure. You've got premium services, and then you've got this counter prevailing force of the different growth in consumption versus user base. Two questions on this, one for Satya. On the premium services, I'm just curious as to, which one or two or three are you seeing maybe break out become the largest or grow the fastest, which are most meaningful at this point? And then secondly for Amy, as we think about this trend, are you convinced that we'll continue to see not just for fiscal Q4, but into fiscal ‘20 and beyond consistent progression and growth in the overall commercial cloud gross margin? Thanks.
Satya Nadella: Sure. I mean, on the first question Ross as far as our premium services, just even on the application infrastructure side, for example, in compute, there is increasing need for things like IoT services. Essentially, there is a new business application like set of services that are getting developed to help people manage their complex IoT application development. IoT Central is a good example of that when you have many, many connected devices, you need a control plane for many of those devices, so that you contain the complexity of your app deployment, security management. That's one example. The other one is of course data. And the sophistication of the data aid is growing exponentially, both in terms of the needs of the databases required, the processing that is required close to data. So that's another place where something like Cosmos DB which is very unique in capability in the marketplace is definitely another service that's got real traction. Even data warehousing, the scale at which this is another market which we never participated in, in the past, whereas now we are one of the most competitive products when it comes to benchmarking around data warehousing. So those are all things that I would say are premium services that just talking about new applications being built on Azure, not counting all of the SaaS applications about that.
Amy Hood: And to your overall commercial progress margin question. You're right, the fundamental driver is when I look forward into next year, I expect each service just like it did this year to really see gross margin improvement, whether that service is LinkedIn or Dynamics or Office 365, Azure per user or Azure IaaS in PaaS, but what you'll see is a revenue mix shift, right, that will offset that to Azure IaaS and PaaS. And so what that generally will do, will be a headwind to continued gross amount of the improvement even though you'll see individual improvement across all the GM services, and you'll continue to see Azure increase as a percentage of the total revenue.