
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research.
Mark Moerdler: I have a question for Satya and then one for Amy if you don't mind. Satya, in the different documents related to the earnings this quarter you have on product launches, et cetera, there's a discussion in there on the Microsoft launch of the Quantum Development Kit. Can you give us a bit of color on how you're thinking about quantum computing today, where the -- how soon the opportunity, where is it in the maturation? And then I have a follow-up for Amy.
Satya Nadella: Sure. Thanks, Mark. So the way we think about our overall investment, I think of this as a systems investment because at the scale at which we operate, the Intelligent Cloud and the intelligent edge infrastructure, which you all track as Azure, you got to remember it's the core platform that's powering everything from our gaming ambitions to what we are doing with Microsoft 365, to what we are doing with Dynamics 365 and of course, our third-party business in Azure. So that's the core platform. And now when you think about the scale at which we operate, it is very important for us to make sure that every new breakthrough that happens in the system architecture that can improve efficiencies in what is distributed computing is something that we stay on the forefront of it. So that's why we have a very long-term view on Quantum, and the things that we did even in this last quarter is take things like the quantum simulator stuff and bring it to Azure. In fact, we are seeing very good adoption in scientific labs, in universities and some pharma companies and others who are looking at really building their quantum algorithmic promise long before the quantum computer cloud is real so that they are ready to be able to take advantage of that computing resource. So that's how we look at it, but you got to remember that before Quantum, there are many byproducts of a quantum effort that have significant implications on how we get more competitive, efficient in terms of providing computing to the world. So that's one of the reasons why you hear us talk about quantum as the long-term goal, but you can fully expect us to take a lot of learnings, advances in that roadmap and bring them to market earlier.
Mark Moerdler: I really appreciate it. Amy, you gave a lot of color this quarter, but in the quarter, there was overall transactional weakness. Can you give us a little more color? Is there something structural driving it, U.S. government, China weakness? Were there just simply less contracts up for renewal? Or is it the cloud? Any additional data would be helpful.
Amy Hood: Thanks, Mark, for the question. The only transactional weakness I felt in the quarter at all was what we covered, which was the OEM impact from the chip supply, which was about 1.5 points of growth on MPC, and the Office Consumer impact, which was secondary impact of the PC environment plus some execution challenges we had that I feel really good that we've gotten to the root of and will get handled in H2. Outside of that, our transactional execution was really precisely as we expected. Office Commercial actually had a pretty reasonable quarter given some of the impacts we had in Q1, a couple of points of impact of extra growth that we talked about. And the product and services KPI on prem and server was also quite good when we think about the balance and what that represents for hybrid demand. We continue to see good demand on DC -- sorry, data center modernization as well as some of the premium SKUs.