
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is coming from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you very much for the question. Amy and Satya, if I look at your Intelligent Cloud segment, and in particular the server products and cloud services, those continue to defy gravity a little bit here. And I'm just wondering if you could just give us a sense of how much may be the pricing changes that went into effect at the beginning of the quarter that you're in now might have helped drive spending last quarter ahead of them going into effect. But also, can you share with us how the Azure Hybrid Benefit message might also be impacting Azure growth rates? Thank you.
Satya Nadella: Sure. Thanks Heather for the question. I'll start and then Amy you can add. I mean, I think what you're fundamentally seeing in that overall KPI is what I think are two major advantages we have. One is an architectural technology advantage around hybrid, right. So we don't think of hybrid as some stopgap as a move to the cloud. We think about it's the coming together of distributed computing where the cloud and the edge work together for not just the old workloads, but most importantly for new workloads. And that's where we are seeing some very significant good feedback loops and shaping even our future road map. And this is a place where we are leading. The second thing, as you pointed out in your question, is we have a business model advantage. The Azure benefits are things both for Windows Server as well as for SQL which I think are very, very unique to us and you see that. So the combination of the technology advantage and the business model advantage is what I see in the results, whether it's the standalone Azure growth, which is what we expected and it's very strong and the server KPI is even stronger. So I think that's at least how I would answer that question.
Amy E. Hood: And to your specific question, Heather, on the impact of some of the price increases that went into effect in Q2, I'd say it's a couple of points. So I would not sort of over-rotate on that topic. The overall number, even if you take a couple points off that 28% is a very good performance, that I believe to Satya's point, is the impact you've seen of the very aligned technology road map on the architecture plus a business model that matches it.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you very much.
Michael Spencer: Thanks, Heather. Operator, we'll take the next question please.