
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Karl E. Keirstead: Thanks. Amy, this one for you. I wouldn't mind asking about the gross margin guidance. If I take the midpoint of your revenue guidance, midpoint of your COGS guidance, it looks like you're guiding to another roughly 200 basis point decline in gross margins in the June quarter, which is about what you did in March. So if we look out to fiscal 2017, I know you touched on it a little bit, but just to be clear, it feels like you're guiding to a further year-over-year decline in gross margins. But sounds like that'll be offset in part by continued good OpEx control. So is that the right way to think about it, and is there any way that you could sort of bracket what the gross margin percentage decline might be in fiscal 2017? You probably don't want to give specific guidance, but maybe some high-level color. Thanks.
Amy E. Hood: Directional. Karl, thanks for the question. And you're right. In general, let me spend a few seconds on that. You're right. We saw about a 200 basis point change this quarter. It's entirely due to the shift to the cloud, both in our Productivity and Business Process segment as well as the Intelligent Cloud segment. Those were the exact same drivers in the gross margin change that we guided to in Q4, and I would expect stability as we've seen it in our More Personal Computing segment. And so as you think about 2017, with the continued acceleration of our cloud mix and actually continued momentum in annuity, I would expect to see those same pressures continue to exist. And you're right in that our strong operating expense focus, because really, this is the quarter when you've been able to see actually in Q2 and Q3 now us really pivoting that investment in OpEx to our Intelligent Cloud and the opportunity we see there across engineering, sales and marketing. And you're right, we do expect to see and continue to do that as we lead into 2017 within the overall envelope I discussed.
Karl E. Keirstead: Great. Thanks, Amy.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks.
Chris Suh: Thank you, Karl. Next question, please.