
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan: Hi, thank you very much. Congrats on the quarter. I was curious to get your thoughts, Satya, on the Windows 10 upgrade cycle in the enterprise and also the consumer market, particularly after you anniversaried the free offer for Windows 10. And secondly and finally thoughts on Surface. It's off to a great start, at least the latest model. Could that play a more important role in the corporate computing landscape? Thank you. That's it for me.
Satya Nadella: Thanks, Kash, for the question. As far as the upgrade momentum, the fact that we crossed 200 million active devices, we feel very, very good about that. And the pilots, the place which in the second half is going to be a huge focus for us is the enterprise deployment, and that's where I think there's real excitement because of some of the core capabilities of Windows 10 when it comes to security, manageability. That I think is going to create great value for enterprises, and that's showing up in all the pilots. In the accelerated, I've never seen a Windows release in the enterprise with this level of accelerated deployment planned. So we obviously need to do a great job in continuing to push that, and we're focused on it. As far as Surface, Surface is playing an increasing role for us in both consumer as well as in the enterprise market. And also we just, we created a new category of 2-in-1s where even our OEMs are finding success, which was one of our strategic objectives of doing the Surface. And so overall, we do think that this tablet that can replace your laptop is ideally suited for productivity needs, which means it's great for your personal use as well as your use inside of the enterprise, and we continue to see good growth.
Amy E. Hood: I would just add one thing, is that we've actually announced a number of important partners to help us take the Surface portfolio into commercial customers. And I think we'll expect to see progress on that over the course of the year.
Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan: If I could, your excitement is pretty palpable. What could be driving that 140% increase in adoption relative to Windows 7? We all thought XP to 7 was a major transition, but it looks like there's another big transition happening here.
Satya Nadella: I mean I think there are two aspects of it. We have a good operating system release for the core desktop user, and second, I believe is that we also expand out into new usage patterns. If you look at even the thing that we're seeing is in terms of engagement, with the browser or things like Xbox Live with the Store, or new device categories like the 2-in-1, all I think make it much more possible for users to engage with Windows in more mobile formats and in more productivity scenarios. So I think it's the combination of all of that. But it starts with having a good product truth which Windows 10 does deliver on.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks.
Chris Suh: Great, thanks. We'll go to the next question, please.