
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Kirk Materne with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Kirk Materne: Thanks very much and I'll add my congrats on the quarter. Satya, yesterday you were down at the GE event and announcing the partnership with them around Predix. And I was wondering, when we think about the opportunities for Azure to be that sort of trusted platform for ISVs, can you just talk about how you think the progress is going on that front? Because it seems to obviously just expand your overall TAM and the kind of use cases you can address by bringing partners like GE onto your platform. Thanks.
Satya Nadella: Yeah. Thank you for the question. Overall, I think you sort of speak to I think one of the big advantages and one of the big value propositions we have on to both sides. One is to the enterprise customer. We are a trusted partner. And we support them with their hybrid computing needs and their AI needs. One of the things that we emphasize is it's not about our technology, but it's our ability to transfer that capability to our customer because they're increasingly becoming, whether you're in retail or you're in oil and gas or you're in financial services, every one of them is trying to build their own software capability and we are uniquely capable of doing so. The second part is the ISVs. We now, in fact, one of the big areas of investment this year was the core sell capacity in our field so that ISVs can be successful on our platform. Whether it is GE or Adobe and many others can all now benefit, both because of our enterprise partnership and credibility, and more importantly because of the field resources we have put in place. So we are really looking forward to accelerating our business with GE and many others to come. But it's a very important core sell motion and more importantly building trust on both sides of that equation.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks, Kirk.
Chris Suh: Thank you. We'll take the next question, please.