
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Karl E. Keirstead: Thanks very much. I wouldn't mind going back to Windows 10. Three months ago on the June quarter call, the messaging was that Windows 10 would not likely lift Microsoft's performance results until the second half of fiscal 2016. Yet it feels like as early as this first quarter, it's creating a lift at least to the Windows OEM business. And I just wanted to understand what's changed in the last three months such that it's having an earlier than expected positive impact on Microsoft. Thank you.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks, Karl. Why don't I take that and Satya can add. In particular what we saw this quarter was really as much about the mix of the devices that the OEMs are bringing to market as it was in the absolute unit distinction. And you saw that in the non-Pro revenue performance. And so for us I think really the way to think about the early signs of the impact were the strong device mix, some higher priced units across a wide variety of OEMs as we build into holiday, did provide some slightly better than expected results, as you noted in the non-Pro business. But really some of the other upside that we saw in the quarter was from things that are the second sort of derivative of that, which was our search results were better than we had thought. Because of some of these results about where the PCs were upgraded and the pace at which they were upgraded. And so I do think we are encouraged, as Satya said. But we're a quarter in. And I think what's exciting for us is really the opportunity we have going forward. We're excited about Q2 when the devices hit the shelves. We're excited to have so many first party devices in Q2. And then the next stage after that which is really the enterprise deployment, which as Satya mentioned, we expect in the second half of the year. So it's early, but you're right, we did see some incremental improvement over what we expected.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Karl.
Karl E. Keirstead: Okay. Thank you, Amy.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks.
Chris Suh: Next question please.