
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Karl Keirstead with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Karl E. Keirstead: Thank you. So, Satya or Amy, last quarter the stock was hit in part on a deceleration in your on-premise server product business, and I think your commentary around the Transactional part of that suggested it softened a little bit. I think your tone on this call is a lot better around the Transactional performance, and it looks like that business accelerated a little bit. Perhaps you could explain what changed in the course of the three months to make the transactional piece, at least if I'm hearing you correctly, feel a little bit better. Thank you.
Satya Nadella: Let me start, and then, Amy, you can add to it. Overall, Karl, the focus for us is in what I describe as this hyperscale-plus-hybrid approach when you think about the current approach, which is pretty unique to us. And the way we track progress is to see how is our annuity growth of our server business, and how is our cloud growth. And if you look at this last quarter, our annuity grew double digits and our cloud grew triple digits. And that's a pretty healthy growth rate, and that's something that by design both in terms of the technical architecture as well as the traction we have in the marketplace and our sales efforts and so on are playing out well, and we are very bullish about that going forward. The Transactional business is much more volatile because of the macro environment, IT budgets, and also the secular shift to the cloud. The question again that gets asked is about the cannibalization. But if you look at Boeing or you look at any of the other examples that I talk about when it comes to the cloud, our servers never did what these customers are now doing in our cloud. So at a fundamental long-term secular basis, we have new growth, new workloads, and that's what we are focused on, and that's a much bigger addressable market than anything our Transactional Server business had in the past.
Chris Suh: Thank you, Karl. We'll take the next question, please.