
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Mark Moerdler with Bernstein Research. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Moerdler: So, I’ve two related questions. And the first is, if you look at this quarter, the intelligent cloud revenue grew 23% and the gross margin dollars grew the same 23%, given the SaaS growing lower margin Azure business, we’re not seeing any longer negative margin impact. Have you reached the point where the incremental dollar for Azure revenue is closed to the overall intelligent cloud margin? And then a second, apologize, a slightly long question. CapEx spending in the quarter and the full year were both strong. We could argue the possibilities here, it’s driven by all the capacity of the demand or you having to spend a lot of it on replacing equipment as they’re ageing out. How should we think about the mix in CapEx between building demand and replacing with there?
Amy Hood: Let me take both of those. On the first one, in terms of the GM this quarter, you're right. The improvements particularly in the IaaS and PaaS, gross margin of Azure did offset the cloud mix to Azure within the segment, going forward continuing to see that. I think looking more pressured on gross margin just because the amount of Azure in the mix at the rate is growing, we’re still not at that point where a $1 of gross margin in the cloud is equivalent to a $1 on-prem. That being said, we’ve a lot as you saw this quarter room to grow gross margin dollars, in that even within that frame going into FY’19. On your second question in terms of capital spent, if you think about it at a high level, our capital expenditures are growing at a lower rate than our overall cloud revenue is growing, and that’s why we’re starting to see leverage, right, flow through the P&L. And I think that the rate of CapEx growth, as I said in FY’19 will moderate, that happens because of course we’re doing some replacement overall. We're adding regions and seeing a lot of global demand, and so -- and improving margin, so I think that’s clearly the very high level as you asked the question. I tend to think revenue is growing faster than the capital. You’re seeing leverage through the P&L and we’ll see a moderating rate in FY’19 even if Q1 is the big quarter. It’s just going to be volatile as CapEx tends to be quarter-to-quarter based on both supply chain and demand.