
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citi. Please proceed.
Walter H. Pritchard: Hi. Thanks. Amy, my question just on guidance and your posture on guidance, a two-part question. I think we've seen you give very conservative guidance say for the first half of this year, and in Q3, you ended up sort of putting it all together at the lower end of your guidance. And I'm wondering, your posture just generally around guidance, if it's changed at all, that you're factoring in things differently and we should think about that range going forward. Should it be more like it's been in the past where you've had very conservative assumptions, or more like what you just did here? And then the second part is, as you look forward maybe towards longer-term guidance and the prospects of giving longer-term guidance, because I don't think I've seen an estimate spread on a company as large as this in a long time, how are you thinking about possibly giving long-term guidance? What are the factors that are influencing your comfort in doing that, or is it more philosophical and it's something you're not going to do, that's not necessarily dependent on your view of the business?
Amy E. Hood: Thanks, Walter. My philosophical position doesn't change much. I give the guidance that I expect for the quarter and I do it on the earnings call to the best of my ability. What you've seen this quarter is in fact the biggest in-quarter delta for us all the time is the non-annuity performance. And in all of our segments, that is transactional business. That is the most impacted in-quarter by budget changes or macro changes. And so the inherent volatility that you are talking about really is about changes in-quarter that we see and the impact of that. So I don't think it's a philosophical shift. It's just where you see volatility in-quarter has always been in the transactional side of our business. The guidance we gave and our annuity positions in terms of renewals and where we saw them were exactly, frankly, what we expected with the small exception of the geos that I called out. So I tend to think, I'll talk a little bit about 2017, as I always do, come July, give you all more of a shape to that. But I tend to think I like to focus on where the company is going, which is cloud mix shift, annuity growth, and overall worldview of bringing Windows and the ecosystem growth through MPC.
Walter H. Pritchard: Thank you.
Chris Suh: Okay, thank you, Walter. Thanks. We'll take one more, please.