
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed.
Mark Murphy: Thank you very much. Amy, you’re mentioning large and long-term Azure contracts. I'm wondering as we consider this robust 25% growth in your commercial bookings this quarter, roughly how many points are coming from that -- from any tailwind of the longer duration types of contracts? And then, Satya, I wanted to ask you regarding the recent partnership with AT&T. Some media report said it was worth over $2 billion. Wondering if there's some hyperbole there in the media, or is this an example of how Microsoft can play in every line of the company's OpEx budgets today?
Satya Nadella: I will just take the second one then you can go on. I mean I think it is a very significant deal. I’m not going to comment on any specific dollar terms, it is the largest commercial deal that we’ve signed of the size and we see -- we’ve line of sight to many more such deals.
Amy Hood: When we think about bookings growth, I'm not sure -- for me -- break it down into two pieces, which is I think about bookings which were very good this quarter, has two fundamental motions. There's a motion around renewals and there's a motion around new. Both were very good this quarter and it wasn't while certainly long-term Azure contracts had a meaningful component of the new, they weren't alone and being the only component of the new. And renewals, as I mentioned earlier, we saw very good execution, not just on renewals in quarter, but really healthy behavior in terms of maybe expirations that we’ve seen happen earlier in the year getting renewed, because of the new value prop and the commitment of the sales team to make sure that we landed a really thoughtful high customer value transaction. So, while these long-term large contracts will add volatility to that number, if you look at our -- see in our balance of $91 billion and see that that also grew 25% year-over-year, you will get a sense that it certainly wasn't alone in its impact for the year.
Mark Murphy: Thank you.
Michael Spencer: Thanks, Mark. Operator, we will move to the next question, please.