
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Mark R. Murphy: Yes. Thank you very much. Satya, regarding the announcement that you will release your SQL Server database on the Linux platform, I was wondering if you can walk us through your decision tree, just in terms of what you think the potential risks are, and what you think the potential rewards are of reaching for that level of openness, if you will. And just how impactful do you think that that product can be in enhancing Microsoft's share of the database market?
Satya Nadella: Thanks for the question. So the decision logic was driven primarily by what I would say is the increased competitiveness of SQL Server. If you think about where SQL Server now with this new release, SQL Server 2016, it's become a fantastic database for many, many of the workloads, everything from OLTP to data warehousing to BI to advanced analytics for the Tier 1. This is a capability that's been multiple decades in the work, but here we are with very competitive total cost of ownership price competitiveness, but with a technology that is in many cases, as Gartner talks about, at the top of the charts when it comes to all of these workloads. So now that we find ourselves at that capability, we're saying look, what's the way to think about all the markets that we can in fact take this product to, and the Linux operating system database market is not something that, which is mostly primarily a Tier 1 segment, is something that we never worked in. And so therefore, we look at that as an expansion opportunity, so we take that. We've already made the call that Azure for Linux is first class. We already have 20 plus points of, or 20%-plus of VMs in Azure are Linux, and we'll all increasingly have Linux be a big share of our percentage of what is happening in Azure. So for the first time now, we have the ability to go to an enterprise and talk about their entire data estate across Windows and Linux. Now people don't really move between operating systems. Those choices have been made, but at the same time, now they have a choice around database, and so we think that that's a very good incremental opportunity for us.
Mark R. Murphy: Thank you.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Mark. We'll have time for one more question, operator.