
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Kash Rangan: Hi, thank you very much. I'm curious if you can shed a little bit more light on commercial bookings growth of 30%, clearly that’s off the chart and also when I look at the $18.9 billion of annualized revenue and judging from the fact that the commercial business non-Azure component of it was about steadying growth rate up [indiscernible] Azure went through some significant acceleration, which is yet to be reflected in your forward-looking revenues. If you could just shed a little bit more light and drill into any two or three products SKUs or areas or geographies that contributed to that on the chart performance that will be great? That's it from me, thank you very much and congrats.
Amy Hood: Thanks Kash. Let me go through the bookings, again with that 30% the first and best contributor to that is the strong performance on the renewals in quarter. It was a reasonably consistent Kash, there was not a geo in particular that I would say was a massive outlier although in two of our largest geos, the U.S. and Germany they did have very good years in particular in Q4. Now if you separate the fact that we had the larger base with clearly contribute to that bookings number being big, aside from that in particular Azure in the last year point did really show up in that 18.9, it didn't, the strong billings growth really showed up in that unearned outperformance, which you saw versus the guide and it was significant, a lot of that is the Azure fillings. I think we felt very good, those as well, I think we’re pretty broad-based across industry. I would also say across geo. And so while we of course get some strength from our largest geos, and I would say they were probably the largest contributors if it was actually quite broad there is not only one place for me to say that we just saw it here, and then the final component that I would say was better than we anticipated and the way you’d see that cash, again versus the unearned guidance and the beat that we had there with that final piece around our security value prop, ATP - Windows annuity growth was very good. That’s in the KPI Windows commercial products and services. It is the place you will look and see that number and outside of that I mean those really are the biggest contributors.
Kash Rangan: Thank you.
Satya Nadella: Yes, I am going to - if I add one thing, I will just say that nothing shows up in just one quarter. We have been working on this for a long time whether it is the product and the approach we have taken from IaaS to PaaS to SaaS, even the diversity of our SaaS offerings, and also how we think about going to market. All of these have been multiple years of hard work, and clearly there is momentum across the board, and that I think is what you are seeing and we are excited about this quarter's execution and performance, and I think it bodes well for what we do in the future, but the key is for us to recognize that this is about the sort of long-term commitment to a big opportunity in making sure that you line up your execution against that.
Amy Hood: And I think maybe, I should have also mentioned, when you think about seeing that type of performance and Satya mentioned it is not just because of work done this quarter, it is a great point, but it’s also the investments we’ve made. We’ve committed, we did sales overlays. We added technical resources. We put resources at customers ahead of the curve, we did that you saw that and the operating in the intelligent cloud OpEx growth over the past few quarters, that execution is what’s landing.
Kash Rangan: Clearly something inflected and looks like you're gaining share. So congratulations thank you.
Chris Suh: Thank you, Kash. We will move to the next question please.