
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citi. Please proceed.
Walter H. Pritchard: Hi, thanks. Amy, I'm wondering if you can talk about – we're still seeing the majority or really all the growth in operating profits come from MPC on a year-over-year basis. And I'm wondering how we should think about the factors impacting and the timing in the handoff of profit growth from MPC to IC and PBP, if that's something that you expect. What are the factors and timing there?
Amy E. Hood: Right, I would say actually we've also seen some operating income growth in our PBP segment this quarter, up in constant currency, 7% before LinkedIn. So I do want to say some of that impact is absolutely landing as well as growth. But the heart of your question is really about the MPC transition and IC. The way I think about it, we really – Satya and I and the leadership team decided, gosh, about 18 months ago – it's been a little longer than that now, to over-index on investing because of the TAM we saw in the Intelligent Cloud. We increased hiring and we invested in direct customer acquisition cost. We invested in many of the things Satya just talked about in terms of technical capabilities and our sales force. We're starting to see the benefit of that already in our top line numbers. That 12% or 14% in the server product and services KPI is a very good number. And I continue to expect that we'll see growth in revenue as those resources both get hired, get up to speed, and add value at accounts. A lot of that account value frankly, Walter, today is coming in the form of consumed revenue. Consumed revenue is actually a great leading indicator for what we expect our Azure growth going forward to be. And so some of the confidence I think that we have in the transition of that investment in operating expense into even more revenue growth comes from seeing the consumed revenue trend that we're seeing today as well as the pipeline of projects and customers that we have. And so I do think about that being an 18-month investment we've been making. It's starting to pivot to consumed. It will then land as billings and ultimately in our P&L as GAAP revenue in-quarter off the balance sheet. But I think you're right. We have been working and continuing to reinvest and save through the year as we look to get everything here more efficient. People often think we focus on cut here, add here. It's also about, are we putting every dollar most efficiently to help customers be successful? And I think that's a lot about what you heard Satya talk about the sales transition we're going through, whether it's how we build products. And so I actually am confident you'll start to see that transition land.
Satya Nadella: I think Amy described it well in answering the very specific technical question about segment reporting and the margins in it. But architecturally, some of the examples I used are about the digital estate that actually doesn't start with Azure. In many cases, it starts with advanced set protection of Windows 10 estate. And then how does that relate to Office 365? How does that relate to Azure Active Directory? And then the workloads that they want to put, which are Tier 1 workloads in Azure. It's very similar to what happened even in the client server era, but of course the starting points and how this progresses is very different. So we are always thinking at least of the technical architecture that makes us unique and differentiated spanning all of it. And so I don't think of it as margin shifts across the segments, and that's why we think of all of this as one digital estate at least from a customer-end perspective.
Walter H. Pritchard: Thank you.
Chris Suh: Thank you, Walter. We'll go the next question, please.