
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you very much. I had a question related to Azure. You guys mentioned on the call that premium services grew triple digits for the 13th quarter in a row. And I was wondering if you could give us a sense for how to think about the percentage of workloads that are now running premium services as a percentage of the total. And/or are we at the point now where that's a high enough percentage of the mix that we're at a tipping point here, where what seems like very significant gross margin progression is going to continue at this similar clip? Thank you.
Satya Nadella: I mean, I can start and, Amy, you can add to this. The premium services, for example, the way we think about them is in everything related to our data is, and especially the higher level databases, so I'm not talking about raw storage but this is Cosmos DB or Azure DB or any of data services, our IoT services, our AI services are all the premium services. And there is a path. Every customer sometimes just starts with infrastructure as a service and some storage. And then the lift-shift turns into lift-shift and modernize and that's where these premium services get activated. So they definitely are margin accretive for us, but most importantly, they add a tremendous amount of value to the customers. And I'll let Amy add any additional color to that.
Amy E. Hood: And I think, Heather, it gives me a good opportunity to talk a little bit about the real drivers of the Azure gross margin improvement. There are really, when you think about it, three. The first one's just pure revenue scale. We've done such a terrific job, I think, of growing and focusing and the innovation we put in and having our sales teams, through investments we've made for the past couple of years, and competency building, land that at customers. The second component, and the one you'd asked about, is a little bit about that premium services revenue mix. And you're absolutely seeing the impact of that growth as mix show up in the gross margin. And addition to the workloads Satya mentioned, I'll also bring up EMF. EMF continues to be I think of incredible value to customers. And I think we've done a very good job of pointing out its competitive advantages, and we're seeing that also benefit margins. And finally, just the strong work on the infrastructure team, both between hardware innovation done at everything from the network, all the way to the prox and their integration with each other as well as the software innovation being done on top of it. Those things together, with premium being a component of that, are all lending itself to gross margin improvement.
Heather Bellini: Great. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Heather. We'll take the next question now, please.