
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Mark Murphy with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Mark Murphy: Yeah, Satya, I’m wondering what inning do you think we are in terms of building out the next generation data centers but you’ll need to support the commercial cloud. For example, do you think you’ve built out data center capacity to support the commercial cloud business all the way to a $10 billion dollars run rate or $20 billion run rates? So if there’s any way you can help us to try to gauge how much overhead you have in the capacity. And perhaps what type of data center footprint you envision a few years down the road.
Satya Nadella: In fact, one of the big changes that has happened I would say in the last couple of years, and I’ll have Amy even detail out. It’s the way we’re going about everything from the very long lead things like actual data center locations and Build out to the procurement of individual machines, and essentially the work in progress inventory of that. We have driven significant process improvement to essentially make it as efficient as one can make it and that’s a continuous process for us. So when I think about even the capital allocation per quarter we very carefully look at what is our current utilization forecast, and what our demand forecast is. And we now have the ability to be much more dynamic. Surely there are some things which are long lead like data center location. But you don’t need to build out data centers much before they’re really being utilized. And so we have a very good process and that’s a place were quite frankly a lot of the proprietary advantage of someone who is an at scale public cloud provider, not just with one application. And this is where the huge distinction is. After all we did run large-scale consumer services ourselves between Xbox LIVE and Bing. But this business of supporting a highly geo distributed enterprise cloud business is very different than just running in one at scale public cloud service. And we learned a lot with what is our workload diversity as well as our geo-diversity. And our supply chain management is optimized for it.
Amy Hood: Yeah, I would just add Mark. This is a place as Satya said we have made a lot of progress in being data-driven. This is down to a monthly review by workload, by property, by geo. And this is a place where I feel that we are in it terrific position frankly to respond to data sovereignty demands, changes politically and our ability to execute that to provide what our customers demand in terms of security and manageability and location. It’s something that we also care a lot about.
Mark Murphy: Thank you.
Chris Suh: Thanks. Mark.
Chris Suh: So that wraps up the Q&A portion of today’s call. We encourage you to tune into Build, our Annual Developer Conference which will be webcast live at to be www.buildwindows.com as well as our Financial Analyst Briefing on Wednesday, April 29, which will be webcast live on our Investor Relations website. We look forward to seeing many of you in the coming months at various Investor Conferences. Thank you for joining us, and talk to you soon. Goodbye.
Satya Nadella: Thank you.
Amy Hood: Thanks.