
Operator: Our first next comes from the line of Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Keith Weiss: A very impressive quarter. I'm going to speak a similar question to Heather’s but [indiscernible] try to get a higher level answer. In terms of -- during this quarter, it just sounds to me like I heard Amy talk more about exceeding expectations than we have in prior quarters and exceeding plan more than we have in prior quarters. This matches up from what we are hearing in CIO surveys and talking to customers, it sounds like there is an inflection point going on in adoption of cloud and digitalization effort. So the question to you is, are you seeing that, are you starting to see an inflection point in terms of these adoption trends and the investment that you guys have made behind this really starting to take hold? And then perhaps a follow up for Amy. So operating margins really exceeded our expectations this quarter and I think consistent with expectations, can you talk a little bit about kind of what drove that and kind of why we wouldn’t see as much as that on a go forward basis in terms of operating margin expansion?
Satya Nadella: Yes, thanks Keith for the question. So let me start. I think overall, what we're seeing is continued momentum, if you think about even our overall approach has been to have a view of an architecture that is grounded in our customers’ needs. So we always believe that in distributed computing, you need a cloud and an edge. You need hybrid and guess what, today in 2019, hybrid has become much more main stream. But we were talking about this even five years ago. They also sort of said things that will matter in this transition to the cloud will be consistency and productivity. So for example, whether it's developer productivity or IT productivity, it’s not any one dimension, you need to bring IT and developers together to drive agility in an organization and their digital capability building. This is again, a place where we've had traditional strength. And that's showing up in the marketplace. And also if you look at our cloud stack, we have application and infrastructure, data and AI, productivity and collaboration, as well as business applications. That's pretty unique again. So that's, I think, what is showing up at scale as competitive differentiation and that's what you see in our numbers. But the most importantly, I think you see it in the customer momentum and what I believe is what is customer success. Digital technology today is not about tech companies doing innovation. It is about the rest of the world doing innovation with technology and Microsoft is uniquely in position to enable that.
Amy Hood: And on your operating margin question Keith, there's a couple of things I would say that. In this quarter in particular, the places where we had a lot of outperformance were especially high margin areas, and I would point out three. The first is obviously the OEM and chip supply. The improvement in that in Q3 is obviously very high margin and also the bottom. Japan as a geography for us is a high transactional market. And so when Japan is strong, it tends to be a very high margin landing down to the bottom line. And the other one is the on-premises server number which is very good in terms of hybrid demand this quarter also with high margin. So when that happens, you do see because it's a lot of -- almost 100% in quarter recognition, a lot of help at the operating margin line. Now, the more sustainable conversation I think we continue to have on operating margin is our ability to pick the right secular markets in the right secular trends, you see significant revenue growth. We continue to focus on improving the gross margin of each individual product area, which creates leverage over time. And finally, focused investment and operating expense and that obviously creates leverage. And I think you do see that in general through the year as we continue to keep that formula.