
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Moerdler with Bernstein. Please proceed.
Mark Moerdler: So want to drill in a little more. The margin for commercial cloud improved 7% which given the size is a large improvement. Can you give us some more details on what exactly is driving that margin improvement. You said it's going to be improving over the year, but how sustainable is that drive to improvement?
Satya Nadella: Let me start market and then Amy you can add to it. Again Mark this goes back to a little bit of understanding I guess how we think about both X as well as OpEx in terms of our cloud. The architectural design we have for example when we do X we are buying the four everything that Microsoft does which is everything from Azure to Office 3652 Dynamics 365 as well as our consumer services like Xbox live. And you see the growth that we talked about across all of this. Then we have a very common platform both for first party workloads as well as our third party business. And so then as we drive efficiency and our cloud infrastructure, when we for example use to be more out of our network, that's efficiency that we gain across the marginal cost and gross margin that spans everything that we do. Then also what we think about as the mix our goal is not just to sell commodity services, but to actually use commodity services in some cases as a bootstrap for higher level services because of things like data gravity. So there will be differences quarter to quarter. We may impact on board a few customers who first on board a lot of storage at commodity service levels, and then later on start some of the high level services. So the margin improvement on a lot over a period of time is something that we are absolutely going to see, but from quarter to quarter there will be more volatility, but I would ask our investor base to think more about the architecture as well as the financial outlays of what we're building. We're not just building Azure we're building from 13 Office 365 Dynamics 365 as well as our consumer services withdrawal cloud oriented and it's a combination of that that's driving margin, but Amy I will let you add there.
Amy Hood: But I would say in terms of sustainability are quarter to quarter, Satya is right. There is going to be very ability the variability is really two things. One is the case of the mix shift to Azure as it grows at the pace we're seeing it does impact quarter to quarter. The overall commercial cloud revenue mix, but I would also say the directionality of the Azure gross margin for example which recent significantly improved we expect to continue. Certainly over the course of this year as we have discussed. So I think the directionality of sustainability is correct and I think the variability can certainly occur from any of the reasons Satya talked about.