
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Philip Winslow: Hi. Thanks, guys, for taking my question and congrats not only just on the income statement, but also obviously the balance sheet where, obviously, the commercial, it was only down 5% versus your guided 7%, so congrats there. The - my focus is actually on the commercial side, but specifically on Office. Obviously, your Office 365 revenue continues to outpace seat growth there. We've talked about that in the past with pricing, but if I just look at also overall Office on the commercial side, up 10%, same as Q1, when you all think about just going forward just the mix of those two, obviously, the on-prem business is still declining in the high-teens, and then Office 365 growing rapidly. How do you think about just the blended growth of Office commercial and the puts and takes there?
Amy Hood: This is one, where I tend to when I think about that 10% number, it really is the same way I think about Office 365. Our goal and I think the real opportunity that remains with Office 365 and Microsoft 365 going forward, is our ability to continue to grow the installed base, and to also continue to grow our ARPU. The combination of those two things and the opportunity we see is the reason in the sales re-org that we did in July, we continue to put resources and sales resources behind collaboration and communication, and so many of the important workloads that allow us to give great value to customers. And you've even started to see it this quarter as you're pointing out, Phil. We saw a little bit more impact of E5 this quarter in ARPU than we have been seeing. It's been in the market a while, we're seeing that momentum, the value all up of E5 not just from an Office perspective, but from a Microsoft 365 perspective with security and management as well as some of the newer products that are getting some strong adoption like Teams. I think we feel really good about where we are, and the value and our opportunity both from small business up to the large enterprise from first line workers to do all of these - do all these things and continue to execute well. So the guide certainly implies that continued optimism.
Philip Winslow: Awesome. Thanks, guys.
Chris Suh: Thanks, Phil. We'll take - go to the next question, please.