
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of [indiscernible]. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you just compare and contrast AWS versus Azure versus AWS for me standpoint of the technology footprint that you are offering both these companies? And Amy if you could just comment on the margin structure of your business trip of the business relative to AWS and if you have time talk about the Windows 10 cycle. Why hasn't got to be the best Windows 10 cycle for the enterprise compared to the previous cycle thank you so much.
Satya Nadella: I would say I talked about sort of the reasons the three big reasons why customers choose our cloud in our cloud infrastructure in particular. One, it is about the hybrid design point that is at the core of how we are billed, both Azure as well as our servers. It is because of the higher level services that we have. It is also because of the design point we have around not just Azure but as well as Dynamics 365 and Office 365 and the extensibility of our cloud services across all three of them, and that's really the fundamental reasons why customers choose us. The other thing I will mention is, we have more of a commitment I would say which is been there from a long time to build out a global footprint with more regions and anyone. We are more certifications than anyone in terms of adhering to both regulated industry as well as digital sovereignty. We've done many things we're the only cloud provider for example that operates in China. We operate in Germany under German law. And that matters to multinational companies but also are trying to operate across many geographies and jurisdictions. So those are our core attributes that are driving our growth and will continue to stay focused on them.
Amy Hood: In terms of the gross margin question, I feel very good talk about this quarter about our improvement year-over-year and remain confident that we are heading in the right direction and so, I think when you think about that plus the rest of our offerings, I think we're pretty confident. I will take the opportunity and asked about Windows 10 in the enterprise market that we are encouraged by the pace of deployment, the number of proof of concepts, and actually some of the stability we've seen in the commercial PC market in terms of starting to see some so I think overall I think we will continue to watch, but our security and management value prop I think really is paying off.