
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Turits with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Turits: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Satya, around the LinkedIn announcement, there was a lot of discussion about some of the opportunities to use the assets and information there to help build your HCM and CRM capabilities. And then we fairly shortly afterwards got the announcement of Dynamics 365 and AppSource. So maybe given the amount of discussion here, you could comment on the evolution of the strategy and your thought process around broad enterprise application.
Satya Nadella: Thanks for that question. So I look at what we are doing with Office 365, Dynamics 365, AppSource, LinkedIn as all being part of one strategy. So the move to the cloud for our customers and for us is not just about a new way of delivering the same value just as a SaaS service. It's really the transformation from having applications that are silos to becoming more services in the cloud where you can reason about the activity and the data underneath these services to benefit the customers who are using these services. So that's what this notion of a graph represents. So when somebody moves to Office 365, their graph, their people, their relationships with other people inside the organization, their work artifacts all move to the cloud. You can connect them with all the business process data that's in Dynamics 365, but not just in Dynamics 365 but all the applications in AppSource because business process will always be a much more fragmented market as opposed to just one market share leader by industry, by vertical, by country. And so that's our strategy there. And now the professional cloud or the professional network helps usage across all of that professional usage. Whether it's in Office 365 or whether you're a salesperson using any application related to sales, you want your professional network there. Of course, it's relevant in recruiting, it's relevant in training, it's relevant in marketing. So that's really our strategy with LinkedIn as the professional network meeting the professional cloud. And so you were right to point out that these are all part of one overarching strategy, and ultimately it's about adding value to customers.
Amy E. Hood: Thanks, Michael.
Chris Suh: Thanks so much. We'll have time for one more question, please.